The cop is arresting the criminal.
The criminal is arresting the cop.
The babysitter is scolding the child.
The child is scolding the babysitter.
The doctor is using a stethoscope on the patient.
The patient is using a stethoscope on the doctor.
The fireman is rescuing the grandmother.
The grandmother is rescuing the fireman.
The dentist is treating the patient.
The patient is treating the dentist.
The ghost is frightening the girl.
The girl is frightening the ghost.
The mother is feeding the baby.
The baby is feeding the mother.
The artist is painting the businessman.
The businessman is painting the artist.
The groom is carrying the bride.
The bride is carrying the groom.
The jester is entertaining the king.
The king is entertaining the jester.
The lion is pouncing on the Safari guide.
The Safari guide is pouncing on the lion.
The photographer is taking a picture of the model.
The model is taking a picture of the photographer.
The pirate is kidnapping the princess.
The princess is kidnapping the pirate.
The priest is blessing the bride.
The bride is blessing the priest.
The shark is biting the snorkeler.
The snorkeler is biting the shark.
The professor is lecturing to the student.
The student is lecturing to the professor.
The vampire is biting the woman.
The woman is biting the vampire.
The waiter is serving the customer.
The customer is serving the waiter.
The lawyer is giving money to the beggar.
The beggar is giving money to the lawyer.
The chef is cooking for the lady.
The lady is cooking for the chef.
The ballerina is dancing for the grandpa.
The grandpa is dancing for the ballerina.
The journalist is interviewing the sportsstar.
The sportsstar is interviewing the journalist.
The judge is sentencing the criminal.
The criminal is sentencing the judge.
The father is pulling the child on the sled.
The child is pulling the father on the sled.
Santa is giving the girl a present.
The girl is giving Santa a present.
The peasant is bowing to the queen.
The queen is bowing to the peasant.
The lady is applauding the athlete.
The athlete is applauding the lady.
The father is tying the son's shoes.
The son is tying the father's shoes.
The thief is stealing the purse from the grandma.
The grandma is stealing the purse from the thief.
The cat is chasing the mouse.
The mouse is chasing the cat.
The visitor is pushing the patient.
The patient is pushing the visitor.
The relative is bringing flowers to the patient.
The patient is bringing flowers to the relative.
The boss is yelling at the worker.
The worker is yelling at the boss.
The dog is leading the blind person.
The blind person is leading the dog.
The bouncer is preventing the woman from entering.
The woman is preventing the bouncer from entering.
The dog is licking the girl on the face.
The girl is licking the dog on the face.
The man is proposing to the woman.
The woman is proposing to the man.
The tailor is measuring the princess.
The princess is measuring the tailor.
The lifeguard is saving the grandmother.
The grandmother is saving the lifeguard.
The chauffeur is opening the door for the lady.
The lady is opening the door for the chauffeur.
