The raider caught the illness.
The illness caught the raider.
The illness was caught by the raider.
The raider was caught by the illness.
The marauder contracted the disease.
The disease contracted the marauder.
The disease was contracted by the marauder.
The marauder was contracted by the disease.
The convict dreaded the prison.
The prison dreaded the convict.
The prison was dreaded by the convict.
The convict was dreaded by the prison.
The criminal feared the jail.
The jail feared the criminal.
The jail was feared by the criminal.
The criminal was feared by the jail.
The prostitute squandered the cash.
The cash squandered the prostitute.
The cash was squandered by the prostitute.
The prostitute was squandered by the cash.
The call girl wasted the money.
The money wasted the call girl.
The money was wasted by the call girl.
The call girl was wasted by the money.
The adventurer requested the beverage.
The beverage requested the adventurer.
The beverage was requested by the adventurer.
The adventurer was requested by the beverage.
The undertaker prepared the funeral.
The funeral prepared the undertaker.
The funeral was prepared by the undertaker.
The undertaker was prepared by the funeral.
The mortician arranged the burial.
The burial arranged the mortician.
The burial was arranged by the mortician.
The mortician was arranged by the burial.
The supervisor supplied the liquor.
The liquor supplied the supervisor.
The liquor was supplied by the supervisor.
The supervisor was supplied by the liquor.
The overseer provided the alcohol.
The alcohol provided the overseer.
The alcohol was provided by the overseer.
The overseer was provided by the alcohol.
The troublemaker crashed the car.
The car crashed the troublemaker.
The car was crashed by the troublemaker.
The troublemaker was crashed by the car.
The hooligan wrecked the vehicle.
The vehicle wrecked the hooligan.
The vehicle was wrecked by the hooligan.
The hooligan was wrecked by the vehicle.
The repairman fixed the tap.
The tap fixed the repairman.
The tap was fixed by the repairman.
The repairman was fixed by the tap.
The handyman repaired the faucet.
The faucet repaired the handyman.
The faucet was repaired by the handyman.
The handyman was repaired by the faucet.
The secretary organized the desk.
The desk organized the secretary.
The desk was organized by the secretary.
The secretary was organized by the desk.
The receptionist tidied the table.
The table tidied the receptionist.
The table was tidied by the receptionist.
The receptionist was tidied by the table.
The pilot steered the airplane.
The airplane steered the pilot.
The airplane was steered by the pilot.
The pilot was steered by the airplane.
The aviator maneuvered the jet.
The jet maneuvered the aviator.
The jet was maneuvered by the aviator.
The aviator was maneuvered by the jet.
The chef sauteed the squid.
The squid sauteed the chef.
The squid was sauteed by the chef.
The chef was sauteed by the squid.
The cook grilled the octopus.
The octopus grilled the cook.
The octopus was grilled by the cook.
The cook was grilled by the octopus.
The ship captain promised the triumph.
The triumph promised the ship captain.
The triumph was promised by the ship captain.
The ship captain was promised by the triumph.
The skipper guaranteed the victory.
The victory guaranteed the skipper.
The victory was guaranteed by the skipper.
The skipper was guaranteed by the victory.
The milliner adorned the fedora.
The fedora adorned the milliner.
The fedora was adorned by the milliner.
The milliner was adorned by the fedora.
The hatter decorated the bowler.
The bowler decorated the hatter.
The bowler was decorated by the hatter.
The hatter was decorated by the bowler.
The serviceman hoisted the flag.
The flag hoisted the serviceman.
The flag was hoisted by the serviceman.
The serviceman was hoisted by the flag.
The soldier raised the banner.
The banner raised the soldier.
The banner was raised by the soldier.
The soldier was raised by the banner.
The agent failed the mission.
The mission failed the agent.
The mission was failed by the agent.
The agent was failed by the mission.
The operative blew the assignment.
The assignment blew the operative.
The assignment was blown by the operative.
The operative was blown by the assignment.
The anchorman garbled the expression.
The expression garbled the anchorman.
The expression was garbled by the anchorman.
The anchorman was garbled by the expression.
The announcer mispronounced the word.
The word mispronounced the announcer.
The word was mispronounced by the announcer.
The announcer was mispronounced by the word.
The author finished the novel.
The novel finished the author.
The novel was finished by the author.
The author was finished by the novel.
The writer completed the book.
The book completed the writer.
The book was completed by the writer.
The writer was completed by the book.
The financier sponsored the project.
The project sponsored the financier.
The project was sponsored by the financier.
The financier was sponsored by the project.
The banker funded the program.
The program funded the banker.
The program was funded by the banker.
The banker was funded by the program.
The tourist exited the bus.
The bus exited the tourist.
The bus was exited by the tourist.
The tourist was exited by the bus.
The vacationer left the shuttle.
The shuttle left the vacationer.
The shuttle was left by the vacationer.
The vacationer was left by the shuttle.
The dietitian loathed the jam.
The jam loathed the dietitian.
The jam was loathed by the dietitian.
The dietitian was loathed by the jam.
The nutritionist detested the marmalade.
The marmalade detested the nutritionist.
The marmalade was detested by the nutritionist.
The nutritionist was detested by the marmalade.
The scientist discovered the cure.
The cure discovered the scientist.
The cure was discovered by the scientist.
The scientist was discovered by the cure.
The researcher found the remedy.
The remedy found the researcher.
The remedy was found by the researcher.
The researcher was found by the remedy.
The doctor closed the school.
The school closed the doctor.
The school was closed by the doctor.
The doctor was closed by the school.
The maid lifted the cushion.
The cushion lifted the maid.
The cushion was lifted by the maid.
The maid was lifted by the cushion.
The designer suggested the drapes.
The drapes suggested the designer.
The drapes were suggested by the designer.
The designer was suggested by the drapes.
The decorator recommended the curtains.
The curtains recommended the decorator.
The curtains were recommended by the decorator.
The decorator was recommended by the curtains.
The builder washed the pants.
The pants washed the builder.
The pants were washed by the builder.
The builder was washed by the pants.
The contractor laundered the trousers.
The trousers laundered the contractor.
The trousers were laundered by the contractor.
The contractor was laundered by the trousers.
The servant wiped the sink.
The sink wiped the servant.
The sink was wiped by the servant.
The servant was wiped by the sink.
The domestic cleaned the wash basin.
The wash basin cleaned the domestic.
The wash basin was cleaned by the domestic.
The domestic was cleaned by the wash basin.
The friend donned the pullover.
The pullover donned the friend.
The pullover was donned by the friend.
The friend was donned by the pullover.
The convalescent took the pill.
The pill took the convalescent.
The pill was taken by the convalescent.
The convalescent was taken by the pill.
The patient swallowed the medicine.
The medicine swallowed the patient.
The medicine was swallowed by the patient.
The patient was swallowed by the medicine.
The hoarder hid the stash.
The stash hid the hoarder.
The stash was hidden by the hoarder.
The hoarder was hidden by the stash.
The packrat concealed the stockpile.
The stockpile concealed the packrat.
The stockpile was concealed by the packrat.
The packrat was concealed by the stockpile.
The reporter abandoned the story.
The story abandoned the reporter.
The story was abandoned by the reporter.
The reporter was abandoned by the story.
The journalist ditched the article.
The article ditched the journalist.
The article was ditched by the journalist.
The journalist was ditched by the article.
The carnivore ate the steak.
The steak ate the carnivore.
The steak was eaten by the carnivore.
The carnivore was eaten by the steak.
The meat-eater devoured the filet.
The filet devoured the meat-eater.
The filet was devoured by the meat-eater.
The meat-eater was devoured by the filet.
The man drank the soda.
The soda drank the man.
The soda was drunk by the man.
The man was drunk by the soda.
The teacher bought the laptop.
The laptop bought the teacher.
The laptop was bought by the teacher.
The teacher was bought by the laptop.
The instructor purchased the computer.
The computer purchased the instructor.
The computer was purchased by the instructor.
The instructor was purchased by the computer.
The lady cooked the supper.
The supper cooked the lady.
The supper was cooked by the lady.
The lady was cooked by the supper.
The woman prepared the dinner.
The dinner prepared the woman.
The dinner was prepared by the woman.
The woman was prepared by the dinner.
The traveler lost the souvenir.
The souvenir lost the traveler.
The souvenir was lost by the traveler.
The traveler was lost by the souvenir.
The sightseer misplaced the memento.
The memento misplaced the sightseer.
The memento was misplaced by the sightseer.
The sightseer was misplaced by the memento.
The comedian confirmed the itinerary.
The itinerary confirmed the comedian.
The itinerary was confirmed by the comedian.
The comedian was confirmed by the itinerary.
The humorist verified the schedule.
The schedule verified the humorist.
The schedule was verified by the humorist.
The humorist was verified by the schedule.
The woodworker skimmed the brochure.
The brochure skimmed the woodworker.
The brochure was skimmed by the woodworker.
The woodworker was skimmed by the brochure.
The guide reached the target.
The target reached the guide.
The target was reached by the guide.
The guide was reached by the target.
The townsperson farmed the grain.
The grain farmed the townsperson.
The grain was farmed by the townsperson.
The townsperson was farmed by the grain.
The villager cultivated the crop.
The crop cultivated the villager.
The crop was cultivated by the villager.
The villager was cultivated by the crop.
The mentor revised the manuscript.
The manuscript revised the mentor.
The manuscript was revised by the mentor.
The mentor was revised by the manuscript.
The advisor edited the paper.
The paper edited the advisor.
The paper was edited by the advisor.
The advisor was edited by the paper.
The accountant made the chart.
The chart made the accountant.
The chart was made by the accountant.
The accountant was made by the chart.
The bookkeeper created the graph.
The graph created the bookkeeper.
The graph was created by the bookkeeper.
The bookkeeper was created by the graph.
The logger felled the pine tree.
The pine tree felled the logger.
The pine tree was felled by the logger.
The logger was felled by the pine tree.
The tycoon ran the company.
The company ran the tycoon.
The company was run by the tycoon.
The tycoon was run by the company.
The mogul governed the corporation.
The corporation governed the mogul.
The corporation was governed by the mogul.
The mogul was governed by the corporation.
The campaigner biased the ballot.
The ballot biased the campaigner.
The ballot was biased by the campaigner.
The campaigner was biased by the ballot.
The activist prejudiced the vote.
The vote prejudiced the activist.
The vote was prejudiced by the activist.
The activist was prejudiced by the vote.
The stewardess pulled the suitcase.
The suitcase pulled the stewardess.
The suitcase was pulled by the stewardess.
The stewardess was pulled by the suitcase.
The flight-attendant dragged the luggage.
The luggage dragged the flight-attendant.
The luggage was dragged by the flight-attendant.
The flight-attendant was dragged by the luggage.
The congressman delivered the speech.
The speech delivered the congressman.
The speech was delivered by the congressman.
The congressman was delivered by the speech.
The representative gave the address.
The address gave the representative.
The address was given by the representative.
The representative was given by the address.
The sheriff inspected the estate.
The estate inspected the sheriff.
The estate was inspected by the sheriff.
The sheriff was inspected by the estate.
The constable examined the property.
The property examined the constable.
The property was examined by the constable.
The constable was examined by the property.
The celebrity signed the photograph.
The photograph signed the celebrity.
The photograph was signed by the celebrity.
The celebrity was signed by the photograph.
The star autographed the picture.
The picture autographed the star.
The picture was autographed by the star.
The star was autographed by the picture.
The nanny tutored the boy.
The boy tutored the nanny.
The boy was tutored by the nanny.
The nanny was tutored by the boy.
The governess instructed the lad.
The lad instructed the governess.
The lad was instructed by the governess.
The governess was instructed by the lad.
The blackmailer threatened the senator.
The senator threatened the blackmailer.
The senator was threatened by the blackmailer.
The blackmailer was threatened by the senator.
The extortionist menaced the legislator.
The legislator menaced the extortionist.
The legislator was menaced by the extortionist.
The extortionist was menaced by the legislator.
The artist portrayed the philosopher.
The philosopher portrayed the artist.
The philosopher was portrayed by the artist.
The artist was portrayed by the philosopher.
The painter depicted the thinker.
The thinker depicted the painter.
The thinker was depicted by the painter.
The painter was depicted by the thinker.
The mechanic berated the intern.
The intern berated the mechanic.
The intern was berated by the mechanic.
The mechanic was berated by the intern.
The technician rebuked the aide.
The aide rebuked the technician.
The aide was rebuked by the technician.
The technician was rebuked by the aide.
The fairy enchanted the troll.
The troll enchanted the fairy.
The troll was enchanted by the fairy.
The fairy was enchanted by the troll.
The pixie mesmerized the ogre.
The ogre mesmerized the pixie.
The ogre was mesmerized by the pixie.
The pixie was mesmerized by the ogre.
The orderly assisted the dentist.
The dentist assisted the orderly.
The dentist was assisted by the orderly.
The orderly was assisted by the dentist.
The nurse helped the orthodontist.
The orthodontist helped the nurse.
The orthodontist was helped by the nurse.
The nurse was helped by the orthodontist.
The owner evicted the tenant.
The tenant evicted the owner.
The tenant was evicted by the owner.
The owner was evicted by the tenant.
The critic attacked the conservative.
The conservative attacked the critic.
The conservative was attacked by the critic.
The critic was attacked by the conservative.
The reviewer criticized the right-winger.
The right-winger criticized the reviewer.
The right-winger was criticized by the reviewer.
The reviewer was criticized by the right-winger.
The admirer badgered the director.
The director badgered the admirer.
The director was badgered by the admirer.
The admirer was badgered by the director.
The fan pestered the filmmaker.
The filmmaker pestered the fan.
The filmmaker was pestered by the fan.
The fan was pestered by the filmmaker.
The paramedic revived the youth.
The youth revived the paramedic.
The youth was revived by the paramedic.
The paramedic was revived by the youth.
The EMT resuscitated the youngster.
The youngster resuscitated the EMT.
The youngster was resuscitated by the EMT.
The EMT was resuscitated by the youngster.
The prankster duped the marketer.
The marketer duped the prankster.
The marketer was duped by the prankster.
The prankster was duped by the marketer.
The joker tricked the distributor.
The distributor tricked the joker.
The distributor was tricked by the joker.
The joker was tricked by the distributor.
The playboy courted the damsel.
The damsel courted the playboy.
The damsel was courted by the playboy.
The playboy was courted by the damsel.
The womanizer wooed the maiden.
The maiden wooed the womanizer.
The maiden was wooed by the womanizer.
The womanizer was wooed by the maiden.
The nomad cherished the clergyman.
The clergyman cherished the nomad.
The clergyman was cherished by the nomad.
The nomad was cherished by the clergyman.
The vagabond revered the priest.
The priest revered the vagabond.
The priest was revered by the vagabond.
The vagabond was revered by the priest.
The assassin shot the statesman.
The statesman shot the assassin.
The statesman was shot by the assassin.
The assassin was shot by the statesman.
The hit man killed the politician.
The politician killed the hit man.
The politician was killed by the hit man.
The hit man was killed by the politician.
The clerk charged the elderly person.
The elderly person charged the clerk.
The elderly person was charged by the clerk.
The clerk was charged by the elderly person.
The cashier billed the senior citizen.
The senior citizen billed the cashier.
The senior citizen was billed by the cashier.
The cashier was billed by the senior citizen.
The mediator rescued the hostage.
The hostage rescued the mediator.
The hostage was rescued by the mediator.
The mediator was rescued by the hostage.
The negotiator saved the captive.
The captive saved the negotiator.
The captive was saved by the negotiator.
The negotiator was saved by the captive.
The detective found the assailant.
The assailant found the detective.
The assailant was found by the detective.
The detective was found by the assailant.
The sleuth located the attacker.
The attacker located the sleuth.
The attacker was located by the sleuth.
The sleuth was located by the attacker.
The artisan trained the apprentice.
The apprentice trained the artisan.
The apprentice was trained by the artisan.
The artisan was trained by the apprentice.
The craftsman taught the trainee.
The trainee taught the craftsman.
The trainee was taught by the craftsman.
The craftsman was taught by the trainee.
The biker defied the trainer.
The trainer defied the biker.
The trainer was defied by the biker.
The biker was defied by the trainer.
The cyclist disobeyed the coach.
The coach disobeyed the cyclist.
The coach was disobeyed by the cyclist.
The cyclist was disobeyed by the coach.
The speaker engrossed the audience.
The audience engrossed the speaker.
The audience was engrossed by the speaker.
The speaker was engrossed by the audience.
The orator captivated the spectators.
The spectators captivated the orator.
The spectators were captivated by the orator.
The orator was captivated by the spectators.
The genius shocked the cousin.
The cousin shocked the genius.
The cousin was shocked by the genius.
The genius was shocked by the cousin.
The prodigy surprised the relative.
The relative surprised the prodigy.
The relative was surprised by the prodigy.
The prodigy was surprised by the relative.
The smuggler bribed the bureaucrat.
The bureaucrat bribed the smuggler.
The bureaucrat was bribed by the smuggler.
The smuggler was bribed by the bureaucrat.
The amateur irked the maestro.
The maestro irked the amateur.
The maestro was irked by the amateur.
The amateur was irked by the maestro.
The novice irritated the virtuoso.
The virtuoso irritated the novice.
The virtuoso was irritated by the novice.
The novice was irritated by the virtuoso.
The lawyer questioned the witness.
The witness questioned the lawyer.
The witness was questioned by the lawyer.
The lawyer was questioned by the witness.
The attorney interrogated the bystander.
The bystander interrogated the attorney.
The bystander was interrogated by the attorney.
The attorney was interrogated by the bystander.
The singer disappointed the enthusiast.
The enthusiast disappointed the singer.
The enthusiast was disappointed by the singer.
The singer was disappointed by the enthusiast.
The vocalist disillusioned the connoisseur.
The connoisseur disillusioned the vocalist.
The connoisseur was disillusioned by the vocalist.
The vocalist was disillusioned by the connoisseur.
The chauffeur drove the diplomat.
The diplomat drove the chauffeur.
The diplomat was driven by the chauffeur.
The chauffeur was driven by the diplomat.
The driver transported the ambassador.
The ambassador transported the driver.
The ambassador was transported by the driver.
The driver was transported by the ambassador.
The guard apprehended the prisoner.
The prisoner apprehended the guard.
The prisoner was apprehended by the guard.
The guard was apprehended by the prisoner.
The warden caught the inmate.
The inmate caught the warden.
The inmate was caught by the warden.
The warden was caught by the inmate.
The tailor costumed the dancer.
The dancer costumed the tailor.
The dancer was costumed by the tailor.
The tailor was costumed by the dancer.
The dressmaker attired the ballerina.
The ballerina attired the dressmaker.
The ballerina was attired by the dressmaker.
The dressmaker was attired by the ballerina.
The principal scolded the child.
The child scolded the principal.
The child was scolded by the principal.
The principal was scolded by the child.
The headmaster reprimanded the kid.
The kid reprimanded the headmaster.
The kid was reprimanded by the headmaster.
The headmaster was reprimanded by the kid.
The lord named the heir.
The heir named the lord.
The heir was named by the lord.
The lord was named by the heir.
The baron chose the successor.
The successor chose the baron.
The successor was chosen by the baron.
The baron was chosen by the successor.
The cop restrained the rioter.
The rioter restrained the cop.
The rioter was restrained by the cop.
The cop was restrained by the rioter.
The policeman subdued the rabble-rouser.
The rabble-rouser subdued the policeman.
The rabble-rouser was subdued by the policeman.
The policeman was subdued by the rabble-rouser.
The dad coddled the baby.
The baby coddled the dad.
The baby was coddled by the dad.
The dad was coddled by the baby.
The father pampered the infant.
The infant pampered the father.
The infant was pampered by the father.
The father was pampered by the infant.
The king exiled the rebel.
The rebel exiled the king.
The rebel was exiled by the king.
The king was exiled by the rebel.
The monarch banished the insurgent.
The insurgent banished the monarch.
The insurgent was banished by the monarch.
The monarch was banished by the insurgent.
The thief robbed the manufacturer.
The manufacturer robbed the thief.
The manufacturer was robbed by the thief.
The thief was robbed by the manufacturer.
The robber burgled the industrialist.
The industrialist burgled the robber.
The industrialist was burgled by the robber.
The robber was burgled by the industrialist.
The pessimist discouraged the contestant.
The contestant discouraged the pessimist.
The contestant was discouraged by the pessimist.
The pessimist was discouraged by the contestant.
The cynic dissuaded the participant.
The participant dissuaded the cynic.
The participant was dissuaded by the cynic.
The cynic was dissuaded by the participant.
The loudmouth tormented the loner.
The loner tormented the loudmouth.
The loner was tormented by the loudmouth.
The loudmouth was tormented by the loner.
The windbag taunted the recluse.
The recluse taunted the windbag.
The recluse was taunted by the windbag.
The windbag was taunted by the recluse.
The imitator fooled the investigator.
The investigator fooled the imitator.
The investigator was fooled by the imitator.
The imitator was fooled by the investigator.
The impersonator conned the inspector.
The inspector conned the impersonator.
The inspector was conned by the impersonator.
The impersonator was conned by the inspector.
The boss fired the worker.
The worker fired the boss.
The worker was fired by the boss.
The boss was fired by the worker.
The pyromaniac unnerved the shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper unnerved the pyromaniac.
The shopkeeper was unnerved by the pyromaniac.
The pyromaniac was unnerved by the shopkeeper.
The arsonist alarmed the vendor.
The vendor alarmed the arsonist.
The vendor was alarmed by the arsonist.
The arsonist was alarmed by the vendor.
The professional supported the beginner.
The beginner supported the professional.
The beginner was supported by the professional.
The professional was supported by the beginner.
The master encouraged the rookie.
The rookie encouraged the master.
The rookie was encouraged by the master.
The master was encouraged by the rookie.
The magician hypnotized the crowd.
The crowd hypnotized the magician.
The crowd was hypnotized by the magician.
The magician was hypnotized by the crowd.
The illusionist entranced the viewers.
The viewers entranced the illusionist.
The viewers were entranced by the illusionist.
The illusionist was entranced by the viewers.
The businessman employed the expert.
The expert employed the businessman.
The expert was employed by the businessman.
The businessman was employed by the expert.
The entrepreneur hired the specialist.
The specialist hired the entrepreneur.
The specialist was hired by the entrepreneur.
The entrepreneur was hired by the specialist.
The terrorist petrified the first lady.
The first lady petrified the terrorist.
The first lady was petrified by the terrorist.
The terrorist was petrified by the first lady.
The hijacker terrified the president's wife.
The president's wife terrified the hijacker.
The president's wife was terrified by the hijacker.
The hijacker was terrified by the president's wife.
The judge praised the gold medalist.
The gold medalist praised the judge.
The gold medalist was praised by the judge.
The judge was praised by the gold medalist.
The panelist congratulated the winner.
The winner congratulated the panelist.
The winner was congratulated by the panelist.
The panelist was congratulated by the winner.
The liar emulated the victor.
The victor emulated the liar.
The victor was emulated by the liar.
The liar was emulated by the victor.
The deceiver imitated the conqueror.
The conqueror imitated the deceiver.
The conqueror was imitated by the deceiver.
The deceiver was imitated by the conqueror.
The environmentalist cautioned the tobacconist.
The tobacconist cautioned the environmentalist.
The tobacconist was cautioned by the environmentalist.
The environmentalist was cautioned by the tobacconist.
The ecologist warned the cigar-maker.
The cigar-maker warned the ecologist.
The cigar-maker was warned by the ecologist.
The ecologist was warned by the cigar-maker.
The peasant idolized the ancestors.
The ancestors idolized the peasant.
The ancestors were idolized by the peasant.
The peasant was idolized by the ancestors.
The serf worshipped the forefathers.
The forefathers worshipped the serf.
The forefathers were worshipped by the serf.
The serf was worshipped by the forefathers.
The alcoholic hassled the guest.
The guest hassled the alcoholic.
The guest was hassled by the alcoholic.
The alcoholic was hassled by the guest.
The drunk bothered the visitor.
The visitor bothered the drunk.
The visitor was bothered by the drunk.
The drunk was bothered by the visitor.
The commentator vexed the athlete.
The athlete vexed the commentator.
The athlete was vexed by the commentator.
The commentator was vexed by the athlete.
The sportscaster peeved the jock.
The jock peeved the sportscaster.
The jock was peeved by the sportscaster.
The sportscaster was peeved by the jock.
The preacher hugged the churchgoer.
The churchgoer hugged the preacher.
The churchgoer was hugged by the preacher.
The preacher was hugged by the churchgoer.
The pastor embraced the parishioner.
The parishioner embraced the pastor.
The parishioner was embraced by the pastor.
The pastor was embraced by the parishioner.
The maniac mocked the clown.
The clown mocked the maniac.
The clown was mocked by the maniac.
The maniac was mocked by the clown.
The lunatic ridiculed the jester.
The jester ridiculed the lunatic.
The jester was ridiculed by the lunatic.
The lunatic was ridiculed by the jester.
The archivist contacted the inventor.
The inventor contacted the archivist.
The inventor was contacted by the archivist.
The archivist was contacted by the inventor.
The historian approached the innovator.
The innovator approached the historian.
The innovator was approached by the historian.
The historian was approached by the innovator.
The janitor called the landscaper.
The landscaper called the janitor.
The landscaper was called by the janitor.
The janitor was called by the landscaper.
The custodian phoned the gardener.
The gardener phoned the custodian.
The gardener was phoned by the custodian.
The custodian was phoned by the gardener.
The drummer annoyed the weatherman.
The weatherman annoyed the drummer.
The weatherman was annoyed by the drummer.
The drummer was annoyed by the weatherman.
The percussionist displeased the meteorologist.
The meteorologist displeased the percussionist.
The meteorologist was displeased by the percussionist.
The percussionist was displeased by the meteorologist.
The go-between belittled the defendant.
The defendant belittled the go-between.
The defendant was belittled by the go-between.
The go-between was belittled by the defendant.
The intermediary deprecated the felon.
The felon deprecated the intermediary.
The felon was deprecated by the intermediary.
The intermediary was deprecated by the felon.
The valet entertained the envoy.
The envoy entertained the valet.
The envoy was entertained by the valet.
The valet was entertained by the envoy.
The manservant amused the emissary.
The emissary amused the manservant.
The emissary was amused by the manservant.
The manservant was amused by the emissary.
The acrobat pushed the stranger.
The stranger pushed the acrobat.
The stranger was pushed by the acrobat.
The acrobat was pushed by the stranger.
The gymnast shoved the outsider.
The outsider shoved the gymnast.
The outsider was shoved by the gymnast.
The gymnast was shoved by the outsider.
The benefactor calmed the architect.
The architect calmed the benefactor.
The architect was calmed by the benefactor.
The benefactor was calmed by the architect.
The patron soothed the draftsman.
The draftsman soothed the patron.
The draftsman was soothed by the patron.
The patron was soothed by the draftsman.
The therapist lauded the hairdresser.
The hairdresser lauded the therapist.
The hairdresser was lauded by the therapist.
The therapist was lauded by the hairdresser.
The psychologist extolled the hairstylist.
The hairstylist extolled the psychologist.
The hairstylist was extolled by the psychologist.
The psychologist was extolled by the hairstylist.
The nobleman married the baroness.
The baroness married the nobleman.
The baroness was married by the nobleman.
The nobleman was married by the baroness.
The aristocrat wed the countess.
The countess wed the aristocrat.
The countess was wed by the aristocrat.
The aristocrat was wed by the countess.
The actuary assuaged the creditor.
The creditor assuaged the actuary.
The creditor was assuaged by the actuary.
The actuary was assuaged by the creditor.
The analyst relieved the investor.
The investor relieved the analyst.
The investor was relieved by the analyst.
The analyst was relieved by the investor.
The sailor frightened the psychic.
The psychic frightened the sailor.
The psychic was frightened by the sailor.
The sailor was frightened by the psychic.
The mariner scared the fortune-teller.
The fortune-teller scared the mariner.
The fortune-teller was scared by the mariner.
The mariner was scared by the fortune-teller.
The assistant flattered the auditor.
The auditor flattered the assistant.
The auditor was flattered by the assistant.
The assistant was flattered by the auditor.
The helper complimented the appraiser.
The appraiser complimented the helper.
The appraiser was complimented by the helper.
The helper was complimented by the appraiser.
The immigrant believed the trooper.
The trooper believed the immigrant.
The trooper was believed by the immigrant.
The immigrant was believed by the trooper.
The foreigner trusted the patrolman.
The patrolman trusted the foreigner.
The patrolman was trusted by the foreigner.
The foreigner was trusted by the patrolman.
The mapmaker affronted the farmer.
The farmer affronted the mapmaker.
The farmer was affronted by the mapmaker.
The mapmaker was affronted by the farmer.
The cartographer insulted the rancher.
The rancher insulted the cartographer.
The rancher was insulted by the cartographer.
The cartographer was insulted by the rancher.
The poet awed the entertainer.
The entertainer awed the poet.
The entertainer was awed by the poet.
The poet was awed by the entertainer.
The lyricist dazzled the performer.
The performer dazzled the lyricist.
The performer was dazzled by the lyricist.
The lyricist was dazzled by the performer.
The peddler tested the manager.
The manager tested the peddler.
The manager was tested by the peddler.
The peddler was tested by the manager.
The traveling salesman challenged the executive.
The executive challenged the traveling salesman.
The executive was challenged by the traveling salesman.
The traveling salesman was challenged by the executive.
The musician admired the diva.
The diva admired the musician.
The diva was admired by the musician.
The musician was admired by the diva.
The instrumentalist adored the prima donna.
The prima donna adored the instrumentalist.
The prima donna was adored by the instrumentalist.
The instrumentalist was adored by the prima donna.
The general welcomed the hero.
The hero welcomed the general.
The hero was welcomed by the general.
The general was welcomed by the hero.
The commander greeted the champion.
The champion greeted the commander.
The champion was greeted by the commander.
The commander was greeted by the champion.
The cobbler disdained the stonecutter.
The stonecutter disdained the cobbler.
The stonecutter was disdained by the cobbler.
The cobbler was disdained by the stonecutter.
The shoemaker scorned the mason.
The mason scorned the shoemaker.
The mason was scorned by the shoemaker.
The shoemaker was scorned by the mason.
The postman noticed the chaplain.
The chaplain noticed the postman.
The chaplain was noticed by the postman.
The postman was noticed by the chaplain.
The mailman saw the minister.
The minister saw the mailman.
The minister was seen by the mailman.
The mailman was seen by the minister.
The composer begrudged the playwright.
The playwright begrudged the composer.
The playwright was begrudged by the composer.
The composer was begrudged by the playwright.
The songwriter envied the dramatist.
The dramatist envied the songwriter.
The dramatist was envied by the songwriter.
The songwriter was envied by the dramatist.
The dictator angered the residents.
The residents angered the dictator.
The residents were angered by the dictator.
The dictator was angered by the residents.
The despot enraged the townspeople.
The townspeople enraged the despot.
The townspeople were enraged by the despot.
The despot was enraged by the townspeople.
The missionary baffled the oracle.
The oracle baffled the missionary.
The oracle was baffled by the missionary.
The missionary was baffled by the oracle.
The evangelist mystified the soothsayer.
The soothsayer mystified the evangelist.
The soothsayer was mystified by the evangelist.
The evangelist was mystified by the soothsayer.
The trespasser choked the fighter.
The fighter choked the trespasser.
The fighter was choked by the trespasser.
The trespasser was choked by the fighter.
The encroacher strangled the warrior.
The warrior strangled the encroacher.
The warrior was strangled by the encroacher.
The encroacher was strangled by the warrior.
The broker introduced the donor.
The donor introduced the broker.
The donor was introduced by the broker.
The broker was introduced by the donor.
The dealer presented the sponsor.
The sponsor presented the dealer.
The sponsor was presented by the dealer.
The dealer was presented by the sponsor.
The shrink commended the dean.
The dean commended the shrink.
The dean was commended by the shrink.
The shrink was commended by the dean.
The psychiatrist applauded the provost.
The provost applauded the psychiatrist.
The provost was applauded by the psychiatrist.
The psychiatrist was applauded by the provost.
The refugee provoked the homeless person.
The homeless person provoked the refugee.
The homeless person was provoked by the refugee.
The refugee was provoked by the homeless person.
The asylum seeker goaded the vagrant.
The vagrant goaded the asylum seeker.
The vagrant was goaded by the asylum seeker.
The asylum seeker was goaded by the vagrant.
The interpreter swindled the messenger.
The messenger swindled the interpreter.
The messenger was swindled by the interpreter.
The interpreter was swindled by the messenger.
The translator deceived the courier.
The courier deceived the translator.
The courier was deceived by the translator.
The translator was deceived by the courier.
The gangster hated the governor.
The governor hated the gangster.
The governor was hated by the gangster.
The gangster was hated by the governor.
The hoodlum abhorred the chancellor.
The chancellor abhorred the hoodlum.
The chancellor was abhorred by the hoodlum.
The hoodlum was abhorred by the chancellor.
The planner convinced the customer.
The customer convinced the planner.
The customer was convinced by the planner.
The planner was convinced by the customer.
The organizer persuaded the buyer.
The buyer persuaded the organizer.
The buyer was persuaded by the organizer.
The organizer was persuaded by the buyer.
The wizard protected the gnome.
The gnome protected the wizard.
The gnome was protected by the wizard.
The wizard was protected by the gnome.
The sorcerer defended the dwarf.
The dwarf defended the sorcerer.
The dwarf was defended by the sorcerer.
The sorcerer was defended by the dwarf.
The student befuddled the professor.
The professor befuddled the student.
The professor was befuddled by the student.
The student was befuddled by the professor.
The scholar confused the lecturer.
The lecturer confused the scholar.
The lecturer was confused by the scholar.
The scholar was confused by the lecturer.
The invader spotted the sentry.
The sentry spotted the invader.
The sentry was spotted by the invader.
The invader was spotted by the sentry.
The intruder sighted the watchman.
The watchman sighted the intruder.
The watchman was sighted by the intruder.
The intruder was sighted by the watchman.
The supplier reimbursed the merchant.
The merchant reimbursed the supplier.
The merchant was reimbursed by the supplier.
The supplier was reimbursed by the merchant.
The wholesaler compensated the trader.
The trader compensated the wholesaler.
The trader was compensated by the wholesaler.
The wholesaler was compensated by the trader.
The accuser confronted the vandal.
The vandal confronted the accuser.
The vandal was confronted by the accuser.
The accuser was confronted by the vandal.
The plaintiff accosted the thug.
The thug accosted the plaintiff.
The thug was accosted by the plaintiff.
The plaintiff was accosted by the thug.
The trickster bemused the idiot.
The idiot bemused the trickster.
The idiot was bemused by the trickster.
The trickster was bemused by the idiot.
The swindler puzzled the fool.
The fool puzzled the swindler.
The fool was puzzled by the swindler.
The swindler was puzzled by the fool.
The protestor quoted the leader.
The leader quoted the protestor.
The leader was quoted by the protestor.
The protestor was quoted by the leader.
The striker cited the chief.
The chief cited the striker.
The chief was cited by the striker.
The striker was cited by the chief.
The postal worker repulsed the taxi-driver.
The taxi-driver repulsed the postal worker.
The taxi-driver was repulsed by the postal worker.
The postal worker was repulsed by the taxi-driver.
The letter carrier disgusted the cabbie.
The cabbie disgusted the letter carrier.
The cabbie was disgusted by the letter carrier.
The letter carrier was disgusted by the cabbie.
The competitor agitated the rival.
The rival agitated the competitor.
The rival was agitated by the competitor.
The competitor was agitated by the rival.
The contender flustered the opponent.
The opponent flustered the contender.
The opponent was flustered by the contender.
The contender was flustered by the opponent.
The officer alerted the authorities.
The authorities alerted the officer.
The authorities were alerted by the officer.
The officer was alerted by the authorities.
The deputy notified the higher-ups.
The higher-ups notified the deputy.
The higher-ups were notified by the deputy.
The deputy was notified by the higher-ups.
The culprit betrayed the hunter.
The hunter betrayed the culprit.
The hunter was betrayed by the culprit.
The culprit was betrayed by the hunter.
The botanist respected the partner.
The partner respected the botanist.
The partner was respected by the botanist.
The botanist was respected by the partner.
The flora specialist esteemed the collaborator.
The collaborator esteemed the flora specialist.
The collaborator was esteemed by the flora specialist.
The flora specialist was esteemed by the collaborator.
The pacifist placated the zealot.
The zealot placated the pacifist.
The zealot was placated by the pacifist.
The pacifist was placated by the zealot.
The peace-lover mollified the fanatic.
The fanatic mollified the peace-lover.
The fanatic was mollified by the peace-lover.
The peace-lover was mollified by the fanatic.
The scoundrel beat the protagonist.
The protagonist beat the scoundrel.
The protagonist was beaten by the scoundrel.
The scoundrel was beaten by the protagonist.
The rogue defeated the main character.
The main character defeated the rogue.
The main character was defeated by the rogue.
The rogue was defeated by the main character.
The sociologist accepted the offer.
The offer accepted the sociologist.
The offer was accepted by the sociologist.
The sociologist was accepted by the offer.
The boyfriend basted the turkey.
The turkey basted the boyfriend.
The turkey was basted by the boyfriend.
The boyfriend was basted by the turkey.
The caseworker posed the question.
The question posed the caseworker.
The question was posed by the caseworker.
The caseworker was posed by the question.
The ditch digger bent the wire.
The wire bent the ditch digger.
The wire was bent by the ditch digger.
The ditch digger was bent by the wire.
The box-office sold the tickets.
The tickets sold the box-office.
The tickets were sold by the box-office.
The box-office was sold by the tickets.
The uncle hung the ornament.
The ornament hung the uncle.
The ornament was hung by the uncle.
The uncle was hung by the ornament.
The attendant pressed the button.
The button pressed the attendant.
The button was pressed by the attendant.
The attendant was pressed by the button.
The bum stole the necklace.
The necklace stole the bum.
The necklace was stolen by the bum.
The bum was stolen by the necklace.
The potter molded the clay.
The clay molded the potter.
The clay was molded by the potter.
The potter was molded by the clay.
The guarantor initialed the form.
The form initialed the guarantor.
The form was initialed by the guarantor.
The guarantor was initialed by the form.
The couch-potato forgot the umbrella.
The umbrella forgot the couch-potato.
The umbrella was forgotten by the couch-potato.
The couch-potato was forgotten by the umbrella.
The groupie attended the concert.
The concert attended the groupie.
The concert was attended by the groupie.
The groupie was attended by the concert.
The hacker memorized the password.
The password memorized the hacker.
The password was memorized by the hacker.
The hacker was memorized by the password.
The marine packed the bag.
The bag packed the marine.
The bag was packed by the marine.
The marine was packed by the bag.
The counselor emphasized the rules.
The rules emphasized the counselor.
The rules were emphasized by the counselor.
The counselor was emphasized by the rules.
The seamstress ironed the shirt.
The shirt ironed the seamstress.
The shirt was ironed by the seamstress.
The seamstress was ironed by the shirt.
The confectioner sprinkled the sugar.
The sugar sprinkled the confectioner.
The sugar was sprinkled by the confectioner.
The confectioner was sprinkled by the sugar.
The voter sealed the envelope.
The envelope sealed the voter.
The envelope was sealed by the voter.
The voter was sealed by the envelope.
The fisherman emptied the trashcan.
The trashcan emptied the fisherman.
The trashcan was emptied by the fisherman.
The fisherman was emptied by the trashcan.
The cellist received the prize.
The prize received the cellist.
The prize was received by the cellist.
The cellist was received by the prize.
The cheapskate rated the service.
The service rated the cheapskate.
The service was rated by the cheapskate.
The cheapskate was rated by the service.
The schoolgirl borrowed the key.
The key borrowed the schoolgirl.
The key was borrowed by the schoolgirl.
The schoolgirl was borrowed by the key.
The bookworm recited the poem.
The poem recited the bookworm.
The poem was recited by the bookworm.
The bookworm was recited by the poem.
The diver recharged the battery.
The battery recharged the diver.
The battery was recharged by the diver.
The diver was recharged by the battery.
The poker player won the game.
The game won the poker player.
The game was won by the poker player.
The poker player was won by the game.
The copycat redecorated the apartment.
The apartment redecorated the copycat.
The apartment was redecorated by the copycat.
The copycat was redecorated by the apartment.
The winemaker uncorked the bottle.
The bottle uncorked the winemaker.
The bottle was uncorked by the winemaker.
The winemaker was uncorked by the bottle.
The laundress folded the clothes.
The clothes folded the laundress.
The clothes were folded by the laundress.
The laundress was folded by the clothes.
The travel-agent photocopied the passport.
The passport photocopied the travel-agent.
The passport was photocopied by the travel-agent.
The travel-agent was photocopied by the passport.
The exterminator filed the complaint.
The complaint filed the exterminator.
The complaint was filed by the exterminator.
The exterminator was filed by the complaint.
The minuteman loaded the gun.
The gun loaded the minuteman.
The gun was loaded by the minuteman.
The minuteman was loaded by the gun.
The bookseller calculated the profit.
The profit calculated the bookseller.
The profit was calculated by the bookseller.
The bookseller was calculated by the profit.
The count inherited the painting.
The painting inherited the count.
The painting was inherited by the count.
The count was inherited by the painting.
The groundskeeper changed the light bulb.
The light bulb changed the groundskeeper.
The light bulb was changed by the groundskeeper.
The groundskeeper was changed by the light bulb.
The marcher sang the anthem.
The anthem sang the marcher.
The anthem was sung by the marcher.
The marcher was sung by the anthem.
The deckhand unlocked the door.
The door unlocked the deckhand.
The door was unlocked by the deckhand.
The deckhand was unlocked by the door.
The supremacist established the fund.
The fund established the supremacist.
The fund was established by the supremacist.
The supremacist was established by the fund.
The house sitter watered the plant.
The plant watered the house sitter.
The plant was watered by the house sitter.
The house sitter was watered by the plant.
The interviewee wrinkled the suit.
The suit wrinkled the interviewee.
The suit was wrinkled by the interviewee.
The interviewee was wrinkled by the suit.
The cryptographer sent the letter.
The letter sent the cryptographer.
The letter was sent by the cryptographer.
The cryptographer was sent by the letter.
The bellboy erased the message.
The message erased the bellboy.
The message was erased by the bellboy.
The bellboy was erased by the message.
The forger shipped the package.
The package shipped the forger.
The package was shipped by the forger.
The forger was shipped by the package.
The crackhead smoked the pipe.
The pipe smoked the crackhead.
The pipe was smoked by the crackhead.
The crackhead was smoked by the pipe.
The manicurist rescheduled the appointment.
The appointment rescheduled the manicurist.
The appointment was rescheduled by the manicurist.
The manicurist was rescheduled by the appointment.
The charlatan burned the contract.
The contract burned the charlatan.
The contract was burnt by the charlatan.
The charlatan was burnt by the contract.
The tanner placed the order.
The order placed the tanner.
The order was placed by the tanner.
The tanner was placed by the order.
The archaeologist canceled the trip.
The trip canceled the archaeologist.
The trip was canceled by the archaeologist.
The archaeologist was canceled by the trip.
The Frenchman sliced the baguette.
The baguette sliced the Frenchman.
The baguette was sliced by the Frenchman.
The Frenchman was sliced by the baguette.
The producer cast the actress.
The actress cast the producer.
The actress was cast by the producer.
The producer was cast by the actress.
The babysitter punished the twins.
The twins punished the babysitter.
The twins were punished by the babysitter.
The babysitter was punished by the twins.
The exorcist vanquished the spirit.
The spirit vanquished the exorcist.
The spirit was vanquished by the exorcist.
The exorcist was vanquished by the spirit.
The barber shaved the old man.
The old man shaved the barber.
The old man was shaved by the barber.
The barber was shaved by the old man.
The paparazzi stalked the pop star.
The pop star stalked the paparazzi.
The pop star was stalked by the paparazzi.
The paparazzi was stalked by the pop star.
The brunette tipped the busboy.
The busboy tipped the brunette.
The busboy was tipped by the brunette.
The brunette was tipped by the busboy.
The roommate adopted the newborn.
The newborn adopted the roommate.
The newborn was adopted by the roommate.
The roommate was adopted by the newborn.
The cartoonist sketched the unicyclist.
The unicyclist sketched the cartoonist.
The unicyclist was sketched by the cartoonist.
The cartoonist was sketched by the unicyclist.
The streetwalker undercharged the seaman.
The seaman undercharged the streetwalker.
The seaman was undercharged by the streetwalker.
The streetwalker was undercharged by the seaman.
The urologist treated the widower.
The widower treated the urologist.
The widower was treated by the urologist.
The urologist was treated by the widower.
The jury acquitted the economist.
The economist acquitted the jury.
The economist was acquitted by the jury.
The jury was acquitted by the economist.
The freshman dodged the bully.
The bully dodged the freshman.
The bully was dodged by the freshman.
The freshman was dodged by the bully.
The nun reproached the hedonist.
The hedonist reproached the nun.
The hedonist was reproached by the nun.
The nun was reproached by the hedonist.
The librarian admonished the plagiarist.
The plagiarist admonished the librarian.
The plagiarist was admonished by the librarian.
The librarian was admonished by the plagiarist.
The colonel supervised the cadet.
The cadet supervised the colonel.
The cadet was supervised by the colonel.
The colonel was supervised by the cadet.
The abolitionist hid the slave.
The slave hid the abolitionist.
The slave was hidden by the abolitionist.
The abolitionist was hidden by the slave.
The personal trainer weighed the Olympian.
The Olympian weighed the personal trainer.
The Olympian was weighed by the personal trainer.
The personal trainer was weighed by the Olympian.
The zookeeper fed the giraffe.
The giraffe fed the zookeeper.
The giraffe was fed by the zookeeper.
The zookeeper was fed by the giraffe.
The masseuse relaxed the linebacker.
The linebacker relaxed the masseuse.
The linebacker was relaxed by the masseuse.
The masseuse was relaxed by the linebacker.
The page obeyed the noble.
The noble obeyed the page.
The noble was obeyed by the page.
The page was obeyed by the noble.
The lion chased the tour-guide.
The tour-guide chased the lion.
The tour-guide was chased by the lion.
The lion was chased by the tour-guide.
The caretaker quieted the orphan.
The orphan quieted the caretaker.
The orphan was quieted by the caretaker.
The caretaker was quieted by the orphan.
The tennis player thanked the chiropractor.
The chiropractor thanked the tennis player.
The chiropractor was thanked by the tennis player.
The tennis player was thanked by the chiropractor.
The experimenter recruited the subject.
The subject recruited the experimenter.
The subject was recruited by the experimenter.
The experimenter was recruited by the subject.
The mother disciplined the toddler.
The toddler disciplined the mother.
The toddler was disciplined by the mother.
The mother was disciplined by the toddler.
The assistant principal expelled the sociopath.
The sociopath expelled the assistant principal.
The sociopath was expelled by the assistant principal.
The assistant principal was expelled by the sociopath.
The channeler sensed the ghost.
The ghost sensed the channeler.
The ghost was sensed by the channeler.
The channeler was sensed by the ghost.
The union ousted the whistle-blower.
The whistle-blower ousted the union.
The whistle-blower was ousted by the union.
The union was ousted by the whistle-blower.
The huntsman trapped the deer.
The deer trapped the huntsman.
The deer was trapped by the huntsman.
The huntsman was trapped by the deer.
The cardiologist discredited the quack.
The quack discredited the cardiologist.
The quack was discredited by the cardiologist.
The cardiologist was discredited by the quack.
The bailiff released the ruffian.
The ruffian released the bailiff.
The ruffian was released by the bailiff.
The bailiff was released by the ruffian.
The shark mauled the snorkeler.
The snorkeler mauled the shark.
The snorkeler was mauled by the shark.
The shark was mauled by the snorkeler.
The president pardoned the traitor.
The traitor pardoned the president.
The traitor was pardoned by the president.
The president was pardoned by the traitor.
The au pair spanked the girl.
The girl spanked the au pair.
The girl was spanked by the au pair.
The au pair was spanked by the girl.
The TV station head promoted the newsagent.
The newsagent promoted the TV station head.
The newsagent was promoted by the TV station head.
The TV station head was promoted by the newsagent.
The policewoman handcuffed the offender.
The offender handcuffed the policewoman.
The offender was handcuffed by the policewoman.
The policewoman was handcuffed by the offender.
The anthropologist studied the tribesman.
The tribesman studied the anthropologist.
The tribesman was studied by the anthropologist.
The anthropologist was studied by the tribesman.
The police chief rewarded the firefighter.
The firefighter rewarded the police chief.
The firefighter was rewarded by the police chief.
The police chief was rewarded by the firefighter.
The miscreant kidnapped the beneficiary.
The beneficiary kidnapped the miscreant.
The beneficiary was kidnapped by the miscreant.
The miscreant was kidnapped by the beneficiary.
The social worker comforted the abused woman.
The abused woman comforted the social worker.
The abused woman was comforted by the social worker.
The social worker was comforted by the abused woman.
The neuroscientist overwhelmed the lab assistant.
The lab assistant overwhelmed the neuroscientist.
The lab assistant was overwhelmed by the neuroscientist.
The neuroscientist was overwhelmed by the lab assistant.
The warmonger terrorized the gunsmith.
The gunsmith terrorized the warmonger.
The gunsmith was terrorized by the warmonger.
The warmonger was terrorized by the gunsmith.
The conductor tolerated the violinist.
The violinist tolerated the conductor.
The violinist was tolerated by the conductor.
The conductor was tolerated by the violinist.
The pitcher signaled the hitter.
The hitter signaled the pitcher.
The hitter was signaled by the pitcher.
The pitcher was signaled by the hitter.
The quarterback kissed the cheerleader.
The cheerleader kissed the quarterback.
The cheerleader was kissed by the quarterback.
The quarterback was kissed by the cheerleader.
The camper startled the bear.
The bear startled the camper.
The bear was startled by the camper.
The camper was startled by the bear.
The admiral accompanied the lieutenant.
The lieutenant accompanied the admiral.
The lieutenant was accompanied by the admiral.
The admiral was accompanied by the lieutenant.
The tenor loved the soprano.
The soprano loved the tenor.
The soprano was loved by the tenor.
The tenor was loved by the soprano.
The photographer paid the barrister.
The barrister paid the photographer.
The barrister was paid by the photographer.
The photographer was paid by the barrister.
The bachelor intrigued the blonde.
The blonde intrigued the bachelor.
The blonde was intrigued by the bachelor.
The bachelor was intrigued by the blonde.
The football player pursued the socialite.
The socialite pursued the football player.
The socialite was pursued by the football player.
The football player was pursued by the socialite.
The neurologist consulted the geneticist.
The geneticist consulted the neurologist.
The geneticist was consulted by the neurologist.
The neurologist was consulted by the geneticist.
The fashionista humiliated the mode.
The mode humiliated the fashionista.
The mode was humiliated by the fashionista.
The fashionista was humiliated by the mode.
The butcher accused the meatpacker.
The meatpacker accused the butcher.
The meatpacker was accused by the butcher.
The butcher was accused by the meatpacker.
The niece embarrassed the aunt.
The aunt embarrassed the niece.
The aunt was embarrassed by the niece.
The niece was embarrassed by the aunt.
The warlord hailed the mercenary.
The mercenary hailed the warlord.
The mercenary was hailed by the warlord.
The warlord was hailed by the mercenary.
The neighbor snubbed the newcomer.
The newcomer snubbed the neighbor.
The newcomer was snubbed by the neighbor.
The neighbor was snubbed by the newcomer.
The editor overheard the proofreader.
The proofreader overheard the editor.
The proofreader was overheard by the editor.
The editor was overheard by the proofreader.
The communist offended the capitalist.
The capitalist offended the communist.
The capitalist was offended by the communist.
The communist was offended by the capitalist.
The curator misinformed the sculptor.
The sculptor misinformed the curator.
The sculptor was misinformed by the curator.
The curator was misinformed by the sculptor.
The baker mentioned the miller.
The miller mentioned the baker.
The miller was mentioned by the baker.
The baker was mentioned by the miller.
The pollster shamed the statistician.
The statistician shamed the pollster.
The statistician was shamed by the pollster.
The pollster was shamed by the statistician.
The screenwriter emailed the actor.
The actor emailed the screenwriter.
The actor was emailed by the screenwriter.
The screenwriter was emailed by the actor.
The dermatologist contradicted the pathologist.
The pathologist contradicted the dermatologist.
The pathologist was contradicted by the dermatologist.
The dermatologist was contradicted by the pathologist.
The sharecropper misled the fieldworker.
The fieldworker misled the sharecropper.
The fieldworker was misled by the sharecropper.
The sharecropper was misled by the fieldworker.
The patriot saluted the veteran.
The veteran saluted the patriot.
The veteran was saluted by the patriot.
The patriot was saluted by the veteran.
The welder visited the milkman.
The milkman visited the welder.
The milkman was visited by the welder.
The welder was visited by the milkman.
The teenager mortified the parent.
The parent mortified the teenager.
The parent was mortified by the teenager.
The teenager was mortified by the parent.
The surfer impressed the swimmer.
The swimmer impressed the surfer.
The swimmer was impressed by the surfer.
The surfer was impressed by the swimmer.
The miser antagonized the landlady.
The landlady antagonized the miser.
The landlady was antagonized by the miser.
The miser was antagonized by the landlady.
The infantryman upset the loyalist.
The loyalist upset the infantryman.
The loyalist was upset by the infantryman.
The infantryman was upset by the loyalist.
The florist invoiced the grocer.
The grocer invoiced the florist.
The grocer was invoiced by the florist.
The florist was invoiced by the grocer.
The claims adjuster harassed the retailer.
The retailer harassed the claims adjuster.
The retailer was harassed by the claims adjuster.
The claims adjuster was harassed by the retailer.
The ex-wife punched the girlfriend.
The girlfriend punched the ex-wife.
The girlfriend was punched by the ex-wife.
The ex-wife was punched by the girlfriend.
The defender blamed the goalkeeper.
The goalkeeper blamed the defender.
The goalkeeper was blamed by the defender.
The defender was blamed by the goalkeeper.
The geologist reassured the excavator.
The excavator reassured the geologist.
The excavator was reassured by the geologist.
The geologist was reassured by the excavator.
The physicist nagged the mathematician.
The mathematician nagged the physicist.
The mathematician was nagged by the physicist.
The physicist was nagged by the mathematician.
The employee watched the embezzler.
The embezzler watched the employee.
The embezzler was watched by the employee.
The employee was watched by the embezzler.
The programmer distrusted the volunteer.
The volunteer distrusted the programmer.
The volunteer was distrusted by the programmer.
The programmer was distrusted by the volunteer.
The interviewer befriended the chairman.
The chairman befriended the interviewer.
The chairman was befriended by the interviewer.
The interviewer was befriended by the chairman.
The cinematographer favored the movie star.
The movie star favored the cinematographer.
The movie star was favored by the cinematographer.
The cinematographer was favored by the movie star.
The hockey player aggravated the skater.
The skater aggravated the hockey player.
The skater was aggravated by the hockey player.
The hockey player was aggravated by the skater.
The bricklayer outraged the crane operator.
The crane operator outraged the bricklayer.
The crane operator was outraged by the bricklayer.
The bricklayer was outraged by the crane operator.
The candidate approved the nominee.
The nominee approved the candidate.
The nominee was approved by the candidate.
The candidate was approved by the nominee.
The entomologist disparaged the biologist.
The biologist disparaged the entomologist.
The biologist was disparaged by the entomologist.
The entomologist was disparaged by the biologist.
The hypochondriac hounded the medic.
The medic hounded the hypochondriac.
The medic was hounded by the hypochondriac.
The hypochondriac was hounded by the medic.
The chemist suspected the pharmacist.
The pharmacist suspected the chemist.
The pharmacist was suspected by the chemist.
The chemist was suspected by the pharmacist.
The litigator begged the citizen.
The citizen begged the litigator.
The citizen was begged by the litigator.
The litigator was begged by the citizen.
The plumber devastated the foreman.
The foreman devastated the plumber.
The foreman was devastated by the plumber.
The plumber was devastated by the foreman.
The sergeant identified the sniper.
The sniper identified the sergeant.
The sniper was identified by the sergeant.
The sergeant was identified by the sniper.
