0	The actor won the battle .	animate-inanimate	AT	actor:nsubj win:root battle:obj 
1	The actor won the award .	animate-inanimate	T	actor:nsubj win:root award:obj 
2	The anchorman told the parable .	animate-inanimate	AT	anchorman:nsubj tell:root parable:obj 
3	The anchorman told the news .	animate-inanimate	T	anchorman:nsubj tell:root news:obj 
4	The animal found the map .	animate-inanimate	AT	animal:nsubj find:root map:obj 
5	The animal found the food .	animate-inanimate	T	animal:nsubj find:root food:obj 
6	The ant stacked the suitcase .	animate-inanimate	AT	ant:nsubj stack:root suitcase:obj 
7	The ant stacked the supply .	animate-inanimate	T	ant:nsubj stack:root supply:obj 
8	The archeologist examined the dog .	animate-animate	AT	archeologist:nsubj examine:root dog:obj 
9	The archeologist examined the epigraph .	animate-inanimate	T	archeologist:nsubj examine:root epigraph:obj 
10	The archer released the interview .	animate-inanimate	AT	archer:nsubj release:root interview:obj 
11	The archer released the arrow .	animate-inanimate	T	archer:nsubj release:root arrow:obj 
12	The artist assembled the tent .	animate-inanimate	AT	artist:nsubj assemble:root tent:obj 
13	The artist assembled the art .	animate-inanimate	T	artist:nsubj assemble:root art:obj 
14	The artist hung the motorcycle .	animate-inanimate	AT	artist:nsubj hang:root motorcycle:obj 
15	The artist hung the picture .	animate-inanimate	T	artist:nsubj hang:root picture:obj 
16	The assistant helped the soldier .	animate-animate	AT	assistant:nsubj help:root soldier:obj 
17	The assistant helped the cook .	animate-animate	T	assistant:nsubj help:root cook:obj 
18	The astronaut reached the baker .	animate-animate	AT	astronaut:nsubj reach:root baker:obj 
19	The astronaut reached the moon .	animate-inanimate	T	astronaut:nsubj reach:root moon:obj 
20	The astronaut touched the guitar .	animate-inanimate	AT	astronaut:nsubj touch:root guitar:obj 
21	The astronaut touched the ground .	animate-inanimate	T	astronaut:nsubj touch:root ground:obj 
22	The athlete celebrated the marriage .	animate-inanimate	AT	athlete:nsubj celebrate:root marriage:obj 
23	The athlete celebrated the victory .	animate-inanimate	T	athlete:nsubj celebrate:root victory:obj 
24	The athlete started the vacuum .	animate-inanimate	AT	athlete:nsubj start:root vacuum:obj 
25	The athlete started the match .	animate-inanimate	T	athlete:nsubj start:root match:obj 
26	The athlete won the toy .	animate-inanimate	AT	athlete:nsubj win:root toy:obj 
27	The athlete won the cup .	animate-inanimate	T	athlete:nsubj win:root cup:obj 
28	The author signed the check .	animate-inanimate	AT	author:nsubj sign:root check:obj 
29	The author signed the book .	animate-inanimate	T	author:nsubj sign:root book:obj 
30	The baker gathered the soldier .	animate-animate	AT	baker:nsubj gather:root soldier:obj 
31	The baker gathered the bread .	animate-inanimate	T	baker:nsubj gather:root bread:obj 
32	The baker sold the stroller .	animate-inanimate	AT	baker:nsubj sell:root stroller:obj 
33	The baker sold the bread .	animate-inanimate	T	baker:nsubj sell:root bread:obj 
34	The bank assigned the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	bank:nsubj assign:root book:obj 
35	The bank assigned the code .	animate-inanimate	T	bank:nsubj assign:root code:obj 
36	The barber cut the cake .	animate-inanimate	AT	barber:nsubj cut:root cake:obj 
37	The barber cut the hair .	animate-inanimate	T	barber:nsubj cut:root hair:obj 
38	The barber used the microscope .	animate-inanimate	AT	barber:nsubj use:root microscope:obj 
39	The barber used the razor .	animate-inanimate	T	barber:nsubj use:root razor:obj 
40	The bartender handed the lancet .	animate-inanimate	AT	bartender:nsubj hand:root lancet:obj 
41	The bartender handed the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	bartender:nsubj hand:root drink:obj 
42	The bartender shook the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	bartender:nsubj shook:root flag:obj 
43	The bartender shook the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	bartender:nsubj shook:root drink:obj 
44	The beautician spread the paint .	animate-inanimate	AT	beautician:nsubj spread:root paint:obj 
45	The beautician spread the cream .	animate-inanimate	T	beautician:nsubj spread:root cream:obj 
46	The biker started the lesson .	animate-inanimate	AT	biker:nsubj start:root lesson:obj 
47	The biker started the motorcycle .	animate-inanimate	T	biker:nsubj start:root motorcycle:obj 
48	The biker wore the swimsuit .	animate-inanimate	AT	biker:nsubj wear:root swimsuit:obj 
49	The biker wore the helmet .	animate-inanimate	T	biker:nsubj wear:root helmet:obj 
50	The billionaire donated the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	billionaire:nsubj donate:root book:obj 
51	The billionaire donated the money .	animate-inanimate	T	billionaire:nsubj donate:root money:obj 
52	The binman collected the flower .	animate-inanimate	AT	binman:nsubj collect:root flower:obj 
53	The binman collected the trash .	animate-inanimate	T	binman:nsubj collect:root trash:obj 
54	The biologist used the razor .	animate-inanimate	AT	biologist:nsubj use:root razor:obj 
55	The biologist used the microscope .	animate-inanimate	T	biologist:nsubj use:root microscope:obj 
56	The blacksmith poured the wine .	animate-inanimate	AT	blacksmith:nsubj pour:root wine:obj 
57	The blacksmith poured the metal .	animate-inanimate	T	blacksmith:nsubj pour:root metal:obj 
58	The bodybuilder lifted the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	bodybuilder:nsubj lift:root flag:obj 
59	The bodybuilder lifted the weight .	animate-inanimate	T	bodybuilder:nsubj lift:root weight:obj 
60	The boss assigned the medal .	animate-inanimate	AT	boss:nsubj assign:root medal:obj 
61	The boss assigned the job .	animate-inanimate	T	boss:nsubj assign:root job:obj 
62	The boss promised the heaven .	animate-inanimate	AT	boss:nsubj promise:root heaven:obj 
63	The boss promised the promotion .	animate-inanimate	T	boss:nsubj promise:root promotion:obj 
64	The botanist examined the tire .	animate-inanimate	AT	botanist:nsubj examine:root tire:obj 
65	The botanist examined the plant .	animate-inanimate	T	botanist:nsubj examine:root plant:obj 
66	The boxer delivered the drink .	animate-inanimate	AT	boxer:nsubj deliver:root drink:obj 
67	The boxer delivered the punch .	animate-inanimate	T	boxer:nsubj deliver:root punch:obj 
68	The breeder sold the cigarette .	animate-inanimate	AT	breeder:nsubj sell:root cigarette:obj 
69	The breeder sold the dog .	animate-animate	T	breeder:nsubj sell:root dog:obj 
70	The burglar climbed the rock .	animate-inanimate	AT	burglar:nsubj climb:root rock:obj 
71	The burglar climbed the wall .	animate-inanimate	T	burglar:nsubj climb:root wall:obj 
72	The businessman read the fable .	animate-inanimate	AT	businessman:nsubj read:root fable:obj 
73	The businessman read the report .	animate-inanimate	T	businessman:nsubj read:root report:obj 
74	The businessman tied the prisoner .	animate-animate	AT	businessman:nsubj tie:root prisoner:obj 
75	The businessman tied the necktie .	animate-inanimate	T	businessman:nsubj tie:root necktie:obj 
76	The businessman wore the uniform .	animate-inanimate	AT	businessman:nsubj wear:root uniform:obj 
77	The businessman wore the tie .	animate-inanimate	T	businessman:nsubj wear:root tie:obj 
78	The butcher carved the stone .	animate-inanimate	AT	butcher:nsubj carve:root stone:obj 
79	The butcher carved the meat .	animate-inanimate	T	butcher:nsubj carve:root meat:obj 
80	The butcher cut the tree .	animate-animate	AT	butcher:nsubj cut:root tree:obj 
81	The butcher cut the meat .	animate-inanimate	T	butcher:nsubj cut:root meat:obj 
82	The butcher sold the weapon .	animate-inanimate	AT	butcher:nsubj sell:root weapon:obj 
83	The butcher sold the meat .	animate-inanimate	T	butcher:nsubj sell:root meat:obj 
84	The butcher used the camera .	animate-inanimate	AT	butcher:nsubj use:root camera:obj 
85	The butcher used the knife .	animate-inanimate	T	butcher:nsubj use:root knife:obj 
86	The cameraman recorded the sale .	animate-inanimate	AT	cameraman:nsubj record:root sale:obj 
87	The cameraman recorded the video .	animate-inanimate	T	cameraman:nsubj record:root video:obj 
88	The candidate celebrated the holiday .	animate-inanimate	AT	candidate:nsubj celebrate:root holiday:obj 
89	The candidate celebrated the victory .	animate-inanimate	T	candidate:nsubj celebrate:root victory:obj 
90	The carpenter fixed the shoe .	animate-inanimate	AT	carpenter:nsubj fix:root shoe:obj 
91	The carpenter fixed the chair .	animate-inanimate	T	carpenter:nsubj fix:root chair:obj 
92	The carpenter flipped the hair .	animate-inanimate	AT	carpenter:nsubj flip:root hair:obj 
93	The carpenter flipped the board .	animate-inanimate	T	carpenter:nsubj flip:root board:obj 
94	The carpenter grabbed the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	carpenter:nsubj grab:root ball:obj 
95	The carpenter grabbed the board .	animate-inanimate	T	carpenter:nsubj grab:root board:obj 
96	The carver built the house .	animate-inanimate	AT	carver:nsubj build:root house:obj 
97	The carver built the sculpture .	animate-inanimate	T	carver:nsubj build:root sculpture:obj 
98	The cat chased the kite .	animate-inanimate	AT	cat:nsubj chase:root kite:obj 
99	The cat chased the bird .	animate-animate	T	cat:nsubj chase:root bird:obj 
100	The cat drank the coffee .	animate-inanimate	AT	cat:nsubj drank:root coffee:obj 
101	The cat drank the milk .	animate-inanimate	T	cat:nsubj drank:root milk:obj 
102	The champion held the guitar .	animate-inanimate	AT	champion:nsubj hold:root guitar:obj 
103	The champion held the cup .	animate-inanimate	T	champion:nsubj hold:root cup:obj 
104	The chauffeur carried the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	chauffeur:nsubj carry:root rifle:obj 
105	The chauffeur carried the passenger .	animate-animate	T	chauffeur:nsubj carry:root passenger:obj 
106	The cheerleader carried the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	cheerleader:nsubj carry:root rifle:obj 
107	The cheerleader carried the flag .	animate-inanimate	T	cheerleader:nsubj carry:root flag:obj 
108	The cheerleader performed the spell .	animate-inanimate	AT	cheerleader:nsubj perform:root spell:obj 
109	The cheerleader performed the dance .	animate-inanimate	T	cheerleader:nsubj perform:root dance:obj 
110	The cheerleader shook the drink .	animate-inanimate	AT	cheerleader:nsubj shook:root drink:obj 
111	The cheerleader shook the flag .	animate-inanimate	T	cheerleader:nsubj shook:root flag:obj 
112	The chemist mixed the music .	animate-inanimate	AT	chemist:nsubj mix:root music:obj 
113	The chemist mixed the substance .	animate-inanimate	T	chemist:nsubj mix:root substance:obj 
114	The chemist poured the juice .	animate-inanimate	AT	chemist:nsubj pour:root juice:obj 
115	The chemist poured the compound .	animate-inanimate	T	chemist:nsubj pour:root compound:obj 
116	The chemist sold the dog .	animate-animate	AT	chemist:nsubj sell:root dog:obj 
117	The chemist sold the drug .	animate-inanimate	T	chemist:nsubj sell:root drug:obj 
118	The child ate the bone .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj eat:root bone:obj 
119	The child ate the candy .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj eat:root candy:obj 
120	The child built the sculpture .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj build:root sculpture:obj 
121	The child built the snowman .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj build:root snowman:obj 
122	The child celebrated the victory .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj celebrate:root victory:obj 
123	The child celebrated the birthday .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj celebrate:root birthday:obj 
124	The child chased the thief .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj chase:root thief:obj 
125	The child chased the toy .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj chase:root toy:obj 
126	The child climbed the mountain .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj climb:root mountain:obj 
127	The child climbed the tree .	animate-animate	T	child:nsubj climb:root tree:obj 
128	The child crossed the river .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj cross:root river:obj 
129	The child crossed the park .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj cross:root park:obj 
130	The child cut the tree .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj cut:root tree:obj 
131	The child cut the paper .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj cut:root paper:obj 
132	The child drank the beer .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj drank:root beer:obj 
133	The child drank the coke .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj drank:root coke:obj 
134	The child drew the horse .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj draw:root horse:obj 
135	The child drew the flower .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj draw:root flower:obj 
136	The child enjoyed the lecture .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj enjoy:root lecture:obj 
137	The child enjoyed the ride .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj enjoy:root ride:obj 
138	The child found the corpse .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj find:root corpse:obj 
139	The child found the doll .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj find:root doll:obj 
140	The child grabbed the tyre .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj grab:root tyre:obj 
141	The child grabbed the frisbee .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj grab:root frisbee:obj 
142	The child lent the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj len:root car:obj 
143	The child lent the pen .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj len:root pen:obj 
144	The child opened the congress .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj open:root congress:obj 
145	The child opened the present .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj open:root present:obj 
146	The child picked the investment .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj pick:root investment:obj 
147	The child picked the flower .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj pick:root flower:obj 
148	The child rode the bull .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj ride:root bull:obj 
149	The child rode the bus .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj ride:root bus:obj 
150	The child threw the bottle .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj throw:root bottle:obj 
151	The child threw the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj throw:root ball:obj 
152	The child threw the spear .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj throw:root spear:obj 
153	The child threw the snowball .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj throw:root snowball:obj 
154	The child told the verdict .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj tell:root verdict:obj 
155	The child told the lie .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj tell:root lie:obj 
156	The child visited the president .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj visit:root president:obj 
157	The child visited the grandmother .	animate-animate	T	child:nsubj visit:root grandmother:obj 
158	The child visited the prisoner .	animate-animate	AT	child:nsubj visit:root prisoner:obj 
159	The child visited the zoo .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj visit:root zoo:obj 
160	The child wrote the diagnosis .	animate-inanimate	AT	child:nsubj write:root diagnosis:obj 
161	The child wrote the conjugation .	animate-inanimate	T	child:nsubj write:root conjugation:obj 
162	The climber climbed the staircase .	animate-inanimate	AT	climber:nsubj climb:root staircase:obj 
163	The climber climbed the rock .	animate-inanimate	T	climber:nsubj climb:root rock:obj 
164	The climber faced the ocean .	animate-inanimate	AT	climber:nsubj face:root ocean:obj 
165	The climber faced the wall .	animate-inanimate	T	climber:nsubj face:root wall:obj 
166	The climber used the blackboard .	animate-inanimate	AT	climber:nsubj use:root blackboard:obj 
167	The climber used the rope .	animate-inanimate	T	climber:nsubj use:root rope:obj 
168	The coach checked the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	coach:nsubj check:root car:obj 
169	The coach checked the team .	animate-inanimate	T	coach:nsubj check:root team:obj 
170	The cobbler fixed the phone .	animate-inanimate	AT	cobbler:nsubj fix:root phone:obj 
171	The cobbler fixed the shoe .	animate-inanimate	T	cobbler:nsubj fix:root shoe:obj 
172	The cobbler sewed the parachute .	animate-inanimate	AT	cobbler:nsubj sew:root parachute:obj 
173	The cobbler sewed the shoe .	animate-inanimate	T	cobbler:nsubj sew:root shoe:obj 
174	The collector donated the blood .	animate-inanimate	AT	collector:nsubj donate:root blood:obj 
175	The collector donated the painting .	animate-inanimate	T	collector:nsubj donate:root painting:obj 
176	The comedian entertained the soldier .	animate-animate	AT	comedian:nsubj entertained:root soldier:obj 
177	The comedian entertained the audience .	animate-animate	T	comedian:nsubj entertained:root audience:obj 
178	The confectioner decorated the tree .	animate-animate	AT	confectioner:nsubj decorate:root tree:obj 
179	The confectioner decorated the cake .	animate-inanimate	T	confectioner:nsubj decorate:root cake:obj 
180	The confectioner spread the cement .	animate-inanimate	AT	confectioner:nsubj spread:root cement:obj 
181	The confectioner spread the icing .	animate-inanimate	T	confectioner:nsubj spread:root icing:obj 
182	The cook bought the ticket .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj buy:root ticket:obj 
183	The cook bought the food .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj buy:root food:obj 
184	The cook checked the tire .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj check:root tire:obj 
185	The cook checked the groceries .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj check:root grocery:obj 
186	The cook cleaned the window .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj clean:root window:obj 
187	The cook cleaned the fish .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj clean:root fish:obj 
188	The cook cut the grass .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj cut:root grass:obj 
189	The cook cut the fish .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj cut:root fish:obj 
190	The cook flipped the hair .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj flip:root hair:obj 
191	The cook flipped the pancake .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj flip:root pancake:obj 
192	The cook mixed the paint .	animate-inanimate	AT	cook:nsubj mix:root paint:obj 
193	The cook mixed the ingredient .	animate-inanimate	T	cook:nsubj mix:root ingredient:obj 
194	The cowboy enjoyed the snack .	animate-inanimate	AT	cowboy:nsubj enjoy:root snack:obj 
195	The cowboy enjoyed the ride .	animate-inanimate	T	cowboy:nsubj enjoy:root ride:obj 
196	The cowboy rode the bike .	animate-inanimate	AT	cowboy:nsubj ride:root bike:obj 
197	The cowboy rode the bull .	animate-inanimate	T	cowboy:nsubj ride:root bull:obj 
198	The crew loaded the stroller .	animate-inanimate	AT	crew:nsubj load:root stroller:obj 
199	The crew loaded the container .	animate-inanimate	T	crew:nsubj load:root container:obj 
200	The customer read the music .	animate-inanimate	AT	customer:nsubj read:root music:obj 
201	The customer read the menu .	animate-inanimate	T	customer:nsubj read:root menu:obj 
202	The cyclist completed the project .	animate-inanimate	AT	cyclist:nsubj complete:root project:obj 
203	The cyclist completed the race .	animate-inanimate	T	cyclist:nsubj complete:root race:obj 
204	The cyclist fixed the hair .	animate-inanimate	AT	cyclist:nsubj fix:root hair:obj 
205	The cyclist fixed the bike .	animate-inanimate	T	cyclist:nsubj fix:root bike:obj 
206	The cyclist rode the skates .	animate-inanimate	AT	cyclist:nsubj ride:root skate:obj 
207	The cyclist rode the bike .	animate-inanimate	T	cyclist:nsubj ride:root bike:obj 
208	The dealer checked the net .	animate-inanimate	AT	dealer:nsubj check:root net:obj 
209	The dealer checked the car .	animate-inanimate	T	dealer:nsubj check:root car:obj 
210	The dealer examined the plant .	animate-inanimate	AT	dealer:nsubj examine:root plant:obj 
211	The dealer examined the car .	animate-inanimate	T	dealer:nsubj examine:root car:obj 
212	The dealer sold the meat .	animate-inanimate	AT	dealer:nsubj sell:root meat:obj 
213	The dealer sold the car .	animate-inanimate	T	dealer:nsubj sell:root car:obj 
214	The deejay mixed the ingredient .	animate-inanimate	AT	deejay:nsubj mix:root ingredient:obj 
215	The deejay mixed the music .	animate-inanimate	T	deejay:nsubj mix:root music:obj 
216	The demonstrator carried the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	demonstrator:nsubj carry:root ball:obj 
217	The demonstrator carried the flag .	animate-inanimate	T	demonstrator:nsubj carry:root flag:obj 
218	The demonstrator signed the shirt .	animate-inanimate	AT	demonstrator:nsubj sign:root shirt:obj 
219	The demonstrator signed the petition .	animate-inanimate	T	demonstrator:nsubj sign:root petition:obj 
220	The demonstrator threw the frisbee .	animate-inanimate	AT	demonstrator:nsubj throw:root frisbee:obj 
221	The demonstrator threw the stone .	animate-inanimate	T	demonstrator:nsubj throw:root stone:obj 
222	The diplomat carried the dog .	animate-animate	AT	diplomat:nsubj carry:root dog:obj 
223	The diplomat carried the message .	animate-inanimate	T	diplomat:nsubj carry:root message:obj 
224	The doctor helped the cook .	animate-animate	AT	doctor:nsubj help:root cook:obj 
225	The doctor helped the woman .	animate-animate	T	doctor:nsubj help:root woman:obj 
226	The doctor offered the breakfast .	animate-inanimate	AT	doctor:nsubj offer:root breakfast:obj 
227	The doctor offered the support .	animate-inanimate	T	doctor:nsubj offer:root support:obj 
228	The doctor sewed the shoe .	animate-inanimate	AT	doctor:nsubj sew:root shoe:obj 
229	The doctor sewed the wound .	animate-inanimate	T	doctor:nsubj sew:root wound:obj 
230	The doctor used the shovel .	animate-inanimate	AT	doctor:nsubj use:root shovel:obj 
231	The doctor used the stethoscope .	animate-inanimate	T	doctor:nsubj use:root stethoscope:obj 
232	The doctor visited the museum .	animate-inanimate	AT	doctor:nsubj visit:root museum:obj 
233	The doctor visited the patient .	animate-animate	T	doctor:nsubj visit:root patient:obj 
234	The doctor wrote the conjugation .	animate-inanimate	AT	doctor:nsubj write:root conjugation:obj 
235	The doctor wrote the diagnosis .	animate-inanimate	T	doctor:nsubj write:root diagnosis:obj 
236	The dog ate the plant .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj eat:root plant:obj 
237	The dog ate the bone .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj eat:root bone:obj 
238	The dog carried the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj carry:root flag:obj 
239	The dog carried the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj carry:root ball:obj 
240	The dog caught the wave .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj catch:root wave:obj 
241	The dog caught the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj catch:root ball:obj 
242	The dog chased the tank .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj chase:root tank:obj 
243	The dog chased the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj chase:root ball:obj 
244	The dog dug the grave .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj dug:root grave:obj 
245	The dog dug the hole .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj dug:root hole:obj 
246	The dog fetched the tray .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj fetch:root tray:obj 
247	The dog fetched the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj fetch:root ball:obj 
248	The dog pulled the trigger .	animate-inanimate	AT	dog:nsubj pull:root trigger:obj 
249	The dog pulled the sled .	animate-inanimate	T	dog:nsubj pull:root sled:obj 
250	The driver heard the baby .	animate-inanimate	AT	driver:nsubj hear:root baby:obj 
251	The driver heard the horn .	animate-inanimate	T	driver:nsubj hear:root horn:obj 
252	The electrician checked the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	electrician:nsubj check:root rifle:obj 
253	The electrician checked the device .	animate-inanimate	T	electrician:nsubj check:root device:obj 
254	The employee passed the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	employee:nsubj pass:root rifle:obj 
255	The employee passed the report .	animate-inanimate	T	employee:nsubj pass:root report:obj 
256	The employer offered the candy .	animate-inanimate	AT	employer:nsubj offer:root candy:obj 
257	The employer offered the job .	animate-inanimate	T	employer:nsubj offer:root job:obj 
258	The engineer completed the painting .	animate-inanimate	AT	engineer:nsubj complete:root painting:obj 
259	The engineer completed the project .	animate-inanimate	T	engineer:nsubj complete:root project:obj 
260	The engineer drew the flower .	animate-inanimate	AT	engineer:nsubj draw:root flower:obj 
261	The engineer drew the turbine .	animate-inanimate	T	engineer:nsubj draw:root turbine:obj 
262	The farmer picked the killer .	animate-animate	AT	farmer:nsubj pick:root killer:obj 
263	The farmer picked the vegetable .	animate-inanimate	T	farmer:nsubj pick:root vegetable:obj 
264	The farmer plowed the sand .	animate-inanimate	AT	farmer:nsubj plow:root sand:obj 
265	The farmer plowed the field .	animate-inanimate	T	farmer:nsubj plow:root field:obj 
266	The farmer sold the drug .	animate-inanimate	AT	farmer:nsubj sell:root drug:obj 
267	The farmer sold the corn .	animate-inanimate	T	farmer:nsubj sell:root corn:obj 
268	The farmer sprayed the cream .	animate-inanimate	AT	farmer:nsubj spray:root cream:obj 
269	The farmer sprayed the pesticide .	animate-inanimate	T	farmer:nsubj spray:root pesticide:obj 
270	The farmer used the computer .	animate-inanimate	AT	farmer:nsubj use:root computer:obj 
271	The farmer used the shovel .	animate-inanimate	T	farmer:nsubj use:root shovel:obj 
272	The fighter kicked the television .	animate-inanimate	AT	fighter:nsubj kick:root television:obj 
273	The fighter kicked the opponent .	animate-animate	T	fighter:nsubj kick:root opponent:obj 
274	The firefighter fought the crime .	animate-inanimate	AT	firefighter:nsubj fight:root crime:obj 
275	The firefighter fought the fire .	animate-inanimate	T	firefighter:nsubj fight:root fire:obj 
276	The fisherman caught the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	fisherman:nsubj catch:root ball:obj 
277	The fisherman caught the fish .	animate-inanimate	T	fisherman:nsubj catch:root fish:obj 
278	The fisherman checked the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	fisherman:nsubj check:root car:obj 
279	The fisherman checked the net .	animate-inanimate	T	fisherman:nsubj check:root net:obj 
280	The fisherman sold the drug .	animate-inanimate	AT	fisherman:nsubj sell:root drug:obj 
281	The fisherman sold the fish .	animate-inanimate	T	fisherman:nsubj sell:root fish:obj 
282	The florist sold the bike .	animate-inanimate	AT	florist:nsubj sell:root bike:obj 
283	The florist sold the flower .	animate-inanimate	T	florist:nsubj sell:root flower:obj 
284	The footballer chased the toy .	animate-inanimate	AT	footballer:nsubj chase:root toy:obj 
285	The footballer chased the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	footballer:nsubj chase:root ball:obj 
286	The footballer delivered the lecture .	animate-inanimate	AT	footballer:nsubj deliver:root lecture:obj 
287	The footballer delivered the kick .	animate-inanimate	T	footballer:nsubj deliver:root kick:obj 
288	The footballer hit the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	footballer:nsubj hit:root car:obj 
289	The footballer hit the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	footballer:nsubj hit:root ball:obj 
290	The footballer kicked the vase .	animate-inanimate	AT	footballer:nsubj kick:root vase:obj 
291	The footballer kicked the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	footballer:nsubj kick:root ball:obj 
292	The footballer passed the knife .	animate-inanimate	AT	footballer:nsubj pass:root knife:obj 
293	The footballer passed the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	footballer:nsubj pass:root ball:obj 
294	The gardener cut the fish .	animate-inanimate	AT	gardener:nsubj cut:root fish:obj 
295	The gardener cut the grass .	animate-inanimate	T	gardener:nsubj cut:root grass:obj 
296	The gardener decorated the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	gardener:nsubj decorate:root book:obj 
297	The gardener decorated the garden .	animate-inanimate	T	gardener:nsubj decorate:root garden:obj 
298	The gardener gathered the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	gardener:nsubj gather:root flag:obj 
299	The gardener gathered the grass .	animate-inanimate	T	gardener:nsubj gather:root grass:obj 
300	The gardener pushed the demonstrator .	animate-animate	AT	gardener:nsubj push:root demonstrator:obj 
301	The gardener pushed the mower .	animate-inanimate	T	gardener:nsubj push:root mower:obj 
302	The general gathered the bread .	animate-inanimate	AT	general:nsubj gather:root bread:obj 
303	The general gathered the soldier .	animate-animate	T	general:nsubj gather:root soldier:obj 
304	The general sent the postcard .	animate-inanimate	AT	general:nsubj send:root postcard:obj 
305	The general sent the soldier .	animate-animate	T	general:nsubj send:root soldier:obj 
306	The general won the toy .	animate-inanimate	AT	general:nsubj win:root toy:obj 
307	The general won the battle .	animate-inanimate	T	general:nsubj win:root battle:obj 
308	The goalkeeper caught the fish .	animate-inanimate	AT	goalkeeper:nsubj catch:root fish:obj 
309	The goalkeeper caught the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	goalkeeper:nsubj catch:root ball:obj 
310	The goalkeeper grabbed the phone .	animate-inanimate	AT	goalkeeper:nsubj grab:root phone:obj 
311	The goalkeeper grabbed the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	goalkeeper:nsubj grab:root ball:obj 
312	The goalkeeper held the child .	animate-animate	AT	goalkeeper:nsubj hold:root child:obj 
313	The goalkeeper held the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	goalkeeper:nsubj hold:root ball:obj 
314	The goalkeeper threw the bomb .	animate-inanimate	AT	goalkeeper:nsubj throw:root bomb:obj 
315	The goalkeeper threw the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	goalkeeper:nsubj throw:root ball:obj 
316	The government offered the drink .	animate-inanimate	AT	government:nsubj offer:root drink:obj 
317	The government offered the protection .	animate-inanimate	T	government:nsubj offer:root protection:obj 
318	The grandfather told the strategy .	animate-inanimate	AT	grandfather:nsubj tell:root strategy:obj 
319	The grandfather told the story .	animate-inanimate	T	grandfather:nsubj tell:root story:obj 
320	The guard opened the present .	animate-inanimate	AT	guard:nsubj open:root present:obj 
321	The guard opened the jail .	animate-inanimate	T	guard:nsubj open:root jail:obj 
322	The guard tied the roast .	animate-inanimate	AT	guard:nsubj tie:root roast:obj 
323	The guard tied the prisoner .	animate-animate	T	guard:nsubj tie:root prisoner:obj 
324	The guest held the camera .	animate-inanimate	AT	guest:nsubj hold:root camera:obj 
325	The guest held the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	guest:nsubj hold:root drink:obj 
326	The guest hung the laundry .	animate-inanimate	AT	guest:nsubj hang:root laundry:obj 
327	The guest hung the coat .	animate-inanimate	T	guest:nsubj hang:root coat:obj 
328	The guide described the software .	animate-inanimate	AT	guide:nsubj describe:root software:obj 
329	The guide described the monument .	animate-inanimate	T	guide:nsubj describe:root monument:obj 
330	The hairstylist fixed the bike .	animate-inanimate	AT	hairstylist:nsubj fix:root bike:obj 
331	The hairstylist fixed the hair .	animate-inanimate	T	hairstylist:nsubj fix:root hair:obj 
332	The hairstylist flipped the board .	animate-inanimate	AT	hairstylist:nsubj flip:root board:obj 
333	The hairstylist flipped the hair .	animate-inanimate	T	hairstylist:nsubj flip:root hair:obj 
334	The hairstylist sprayed the pesticide .	animate-inanimate	AT	hairstylist:nsubj spray:root pesticide:obj 
335	The hairstylist sprayed the foam .	animate-inanimate	T	hairstylist:nsubj spray:root foam:obj 
336	The hairstylist washed the infant .	animate-animate	AT	hairstylist:nsubj wash:root infant:obj 
337	The hairstylist washed the hair .	animate-inanimate	T	hairstylist:nsubj wash:root hair:obj 
338	The hiker faced the camera .	animate-inanimate	AT	hiker:nsubj face:root camera:obj 
339	The hiker faced the mountain .	animate-inanimate	T	hiker:nsubj face:root mountain:obj 
340	The horse drew the trailer .	animate-inanimate	AT	horse:nsubj draw:root trailer:obj 
341	The horse drew the carriage .	animate-inanimate	T	horse:nsubj draw:root carriage:obj 
342	The horse moved the suitcase .	animate-inanimate	AT	horse:nsubj move:root suitcase:obj 
343	The horse moved the cart .	animate-inanimate	T	horse:nsubj move:root cart:obj 
344	The horse pulled the suitcase .	animate-inanimate	AT	horse:nsubj pull:root suitcase:obj 
345	The horse pulled the cart .	animate-inanimate	T	horse:nsubj pull:root cart:obj 
346	The hostess explained the poem .	animate-inanimate	AT	hostess:nsubj explain:root poem:obj 
347	The hostess explained the procedure .	animate-inanimate	T	hostess:nsubj explain:root procedure:obj 
348	The hound fetched the money .	animate-inanimate	AT	hound:nsubj fetch:root money:obj 
349	The hound fetched the bird .	animate-animate	T	hound:nsubj fetch:root bird:obj 
350	The housemaid cleaned the fish .	animate-inanimate	AT	housemaid:nsubj clean:root fish:obj 
351	The housemaid cleaned the dish .	animate-inanimate	T	housemaid:nsubj clean:root dish:obj 
352	The housemaid cleaned the street .	animate-inanimate	AT	housemaid:nsubj clean:root street:obj 
353	The housemaid cleaned the window .	animate-inanimate	T	housemaid:nsubj clean:root window:obj 
354	The housemaid mopped the barracks .	animate-inanimate	AT	housemaid:nsubj mop:root barrack:obj 
355	The housemaid mopped the floor .	animate-inanimate	T	housemaid:nsubj mop:root floor:obj 
356	The housemaid washed the boat .	animate-inanimate	AT	housemaid:nsubj wash:root boat:obj 
357	The housemaid washed the floor .	animate-inanimate	T	housemaid:nsubj wash:root floor:obj 
358	The housewife cleaned the shoe .	animate-inanimate	AT	housewife:nsubj clean:root shoe:obj 
359	The housewife cleaned the table .	animate-inanimate	T	housewife:nsubj clean:root table:obj 
360	The illusionist performed the surgery .	animate-inanimate	AT	illusionist:nsubj perform:root surgery:obj 
361	The illusionist performed the trick .	animate-inanimate	T	illusionist:nsubj perform:root trick:obj 
362	The illustrator decorated the garden .	animate-inanimate	AT	illustrator:nsubj decorate:root garden:obj 
363	The illustrator decorated the book .	animate-inanimate	T	illustrator:nsubj decorate:root book:obj 
364	The illustrator drew the carriage .	animate-inanimate	AT	illustrator:nsubj draw:root carriage:obj 
365	The illustrator drew the picture .	animate-inanimate	T	illustrator:nsubj draw:root picture:obj 
366	The investor rented the bicycle .	animate-inanimate	AT	investor:nsubj rent:root bicycle:obj 
367	The investor rented the land .	animate-inanimate	T	investor:nsubj rent:root land:obj 
368	The jockey rode the wave .	animate-inanimate	AT	jockey:nsubj ride:root wave:obj 
369	The jockey rode the horse .	animate-animate	T	jockey:nsubj ride:root horse:obj 
370	The journalist carried the milk .	animate-inanimate	AT	journalist:nsubj carry:root milk:obj 
371	The journalist carried the article .	animate-inanimate	T	journalist:nsubj carry:root article:obj 
372	The journalist wrote the song .	animate-inanimate	AT	journalist:nsubj write:root song:obj 
373	The journalist wrote the article .	animate-inanimate	T	journalist:nsubj write:root article:obj 
374	The killer pulled the cart .	animate-inanimate	AT	killer:nsubj pull:root cart:obj 
375	The killer pulled the trigger .	animate-inanimate	T	killer:nsubj pull:root trigger:obj 
376	The knight held the camera .	animate-inanimate	AT	knight:nsubj hold:root camera:obj 
377	The knight held the sword .	animate-inanimate	T	knight:nsubj hold:root sword:obj 
378	The librarian climbed the tree .	animate-animate	AT	librarian:nsubj climb:root tree:obj 
379	The librarian climbed the ladder .	animate-inanimate	T	librarian:nsubj climb:root ladder:obj 
380	The librarian stacked the supply .	animate-inanimate	AT	librarian:nsubj stack:root supply:obj 
381	The librarian stacked the book .	animate-inanimate	T	librarian:nsubj stack:root book:obj 
382	The lumberjack cut the meat .	animate-inanimate	AT	lumberjack:nsubj cut:root meat:obj 
383	The lumberjack cut the tree .	animate-animate	T	lumberjack:nsubj cut:root tree:obj 
384	The lumberjack stacked the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	lumberjack:nsubj stack:root book:obj 
385	The lumberjack stacked the wood .	animate-inanimate	T	lumberjack:nsubj stack:root wood:obj 
386	The lumberjack used the lancet .	animate-inanimate	AT	lumberjack:nsubj use:root lancet:obj 
387	The lumberjack used the saw .	animate-inanimate	T	lumberjack:nsubj use:root saw:obj 
388	The magician read the newspaper .	animate-inanimate	AT	magician:nsubj read:root newspaper:obj 
389	The magician read the hand .	animate-inanimate	T	magician:nsubj read:root hand:obj 
390	The manager rented the kayak .	animate-inanimate	AT	manager:nsubj rent:root kayak:obj 
391	The manager rented the room .	animate-inanimate	T	manager:nsubj rent:root room:obj 
392	The mason built the snowman .	animate-inanimate	AT	mason:nsubj build:root snowman:obj 
393	The mason built the house .	animate-inanimate	T	mason:nsubj build:root house:obj 
394	The mason fixed the bike .	animate-inanimate	AT	mason:nsubj fix:root bike:obj 
395	The mason fixed the roof .	animate-inanimate	T	mason:nsubj fix:root roof:obj 
396	The mason fixed the tire .	animate-inanimate	AT	mason:nsubj fix:root tire:obj 
397	The mason fixed the wall .	animate-inanimate	T	mason:nsubj fix:root wall:obj 
398	The mason mixed the soup .	animate-inanimate	AT	mason:nsubj mix:root soup:obj 
399	The mason mixed the cement .	animate-inanimate	T	mason:nsubj mix:root cement:obj 
400	The mechanic assembled the art .	animate-inanimate	AT	mechanic:nsubj assemble:root art:obj 
401	The mechanic assembled the bicycle .	animate-inanimate	T	mechanic:nsubj assemble:root bicycle:obj 
402	The mechanic checked the groceries .	animate-inanimate	AT	mechanic:nsubj check:root grocery:obj 
403	The mechanic checked the tire .	animate-inanimate	T	mechanic:nsubj check:root tire:obj 
404	The mechanic fixed the roof .	animate-inanimate	AT	mechanic:nsubj fix:root roof:obj 
405	The mechanic fixed the tire .	animate-inanimate	T	mechanic:nsubj fix:root tire:obj 
406	The mechanic rented the boat .	animate-inanimate	AT	mechanic:nsubj rent:root boat:obj 
407	The mechanic rented the truck .	animate-inanimate	T	mechanic:nsubj rent:root truck:obj 
408	The mechanic spread the chocolate .	animate-inanimate	AT	mechanic:nsubj spread:root chocolate:obj 
409	The mechanic spread the coating .	animate-inanimate	T	mechanic:nsubj spread:root coating:obj 
410	The milkman carried the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	milkman:nsubj carry:root flag:obj 
411	The milkman carried the bottle .	animate-inanimate	T	milkman:nsubj carry:root bottle:obj 
412	The model faced the mountain .	animate-inanimate	AT	model:nsubj face:root mountain:obj 
413	The model faced the camera .	animate-inanimate	T	model:nsubj face:root camera:obj 
414	The monkey grabbed the board .	animate-inanimate	AT	monkey:nsubj grab:root board:obj 
415	The monkey grabbed the banana .	animate-inanimate	T	monkey:nsubj grab:root banana:obj 
416	The mother decorated the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	mother:nsubj decorate:root car:obj 
417	The mother decorated the house .	animate-inanimate	T	mother:nsubj decorate:root house:obj 
418	The mother held the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	mother:nsubj hold:root flag:obj 
419	The mother held the child .	animate-animate	T	mother:nsubj hold:root child:obj 
420	The mother hung the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	mother:nsubj hang:root rifle:obj 
421	The mother hung the laundry .	animate-inanimate	T	mother:nsubj hang:root laundry:obj 
422	The mother prepared the gun .	animate-inanimate	AT	mother:nsubj prepare:root gun:obj 
423	The mother prepared the food .	animate-inanimate	T	mother:nsubj prepare:root food:obj 
424	The mother pushed the trash can .	animate-inanimate	AT	mother:nsubj push:root trash:obj can:obj 
425	The mother pushed the stroller .	animate-inanimate	T	mother:nsubj push:root stroller:obj 
426	The mover moved the horse .	animate-animate	AT	mover:nsubj move:root horse:obj 
427	The mover moved the furniture .	animate-inanimate	T	mover:nsubj move:root furniture:obj 
428	The musician entertained the demonstrator .	animate-animate	AT	musician:nsubj entertained:root demonstrator:obj 
429	The musician entertained the crowd .	animate-animate	T	musician:nsubj entertained:root crowd:obj 
430	The musician held the stone .	animate-inanimate	AT	musician:nsubj hold:root stone:obj 
431	The musician held the guitar .	animate-inanimate	T	musician:nsubj hold:root guitar:obj 
432	The musician played the soccer .	animate-inanimate	AT	musician:nsubj play:root soccer:obj 
433	The musician played the song .	animate-inanimate	T	musician:nsubj play:root song:obj 
434	The musician read the menu .	animate-inanimate	AT	musician:nsubj read:root menu:obj 
435	The musician read the music .	animate-inanimate	T	musician:nsubj read:root music:obj 
436	The musician touched the base .	animate-inanimate	AT	musician:nsubj touch:root base:obj 
437	The musician touched the instrument .	animate-inanimate	T	musician:nsubj touch:root instrument:obj 
438	The nanny heard the speech .	animate-inanimate	AT	nanny:nsubj hear:root speech:obj 
439	The nanny heard the baby .	animate-inanimate	T	nanny:nsubj hear:root baby:obj 
440	The nanny watched the landscape .	animate-inanimate	AT	nanny:nsubj watch:root landscape:obj 
441	The nanny watched the child .	animate-animate	T	nanny:nsubj watch:root child:obj 
442	The nurse handed the hose .	animate-inanimate	AT	nurse:nsubj hand:root hose:obj 
443	The nurse handed the lancet .	animate-inanimate	T	nurse:nsubj hand:root lancet:obj 
444	The nurse pushed the mower .	animate-inanimate	AT	nurse:nsubj push:root mower:obj 
445	The nurse pushed the wheelchair .	animate-inanimate	T	nurse:nsubj push:root wheelchair:obj 
446	The nurse washed the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	nurse:nsubj wash:root car:obj 
447	The nurse washed the infant .	animate-animate	T	nurse:nsubj wash:root infant:obj 
448	The painter completed the race .	animate-inanimate	AT	painter:nsubj complete:root race:obj 
449	The painter completed the painting .	animate-inanimate	T	painter:nsubj complete:root painting:obj 
450	The painter decorated the cake .	animate-inanimate	AT	painter:nsubj decorate:root cake:obj 
451	The painter decorated the wall .	animate-inanimate	T	painter:nsubj decorate:root wall:obj 
452	The painter mixed the drink .	animate-inanimate	AT	painter:nsubj mix:root drink:obj 
453	The painter mixed the paint .	animate-inanimate	T	painter:nsubj mix:root paint:obj 
454	The painter painted the toenail .	animate-inanimate	AT	painter:nsubj paint:root toenail:obj 
455	The painter painted the picture .	animate-inanimate	T	painter:nsubj paint:root picture:obj 
456	The painter signed the agreement .	animate-inanimate	AT	painter:nsubj sign:root agreement:obj 
457	The painter signed the paint .	animate-inanimate	T	painter:nsubj sign:root paint:obj 
458	The parent gave the gun .	animate-inanimate	AT	parent:nsubj give:root gun:obj 
459	The parent gave the present .	animate-inanimate	T	parent:nsubj give:root present:obj 
460	The passenger bought the table .	animate-inanimate	AT	passenger:nsubj buy:root table:obj 
461	The passenger bought the ticket .	animate-inanimate	T	passenger:nsubj buy:root ticket:obj 
462	The passenger passed the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	passenger:nsubj pass:root ball:obj 
463	The passenger passed the check .	animate-inanimate	T	passenger:nsubj pass:root check:obj 
464	The passenger pulled the corpse .	animate-inanimate	AT	passenger:nsubj pull:root corpse:obj 
465	The passenger pulled the suitcase .	animate-inanimate	T	passenger:nsubj pull:root suitcase:obj 
466	The patient fought the fire .	animate-inanimate	AT	patient:nsubj fight:root fire:obj 
467	The patient fought the cancer .	animate-inanimate	T	patient:nsubj fight:root cancer:obj 
468	The patient reported the crime .	animate-inanimate	AT	patient:nsubj report:root crime:obj 
469	The patient reported the symptom .	animate-inanimate	T	patient:nsubj report:root symptom:obj 
470	The philologist examined the camera .	animate-inanimate	AT	philologist:nsubj examine:root camera:obj 
471	The philologist examined the book .	animate-inanimate	T	philologist:nsubj examine:root book:obj 
472	The photographer captured the thief .	animate-animate	AT	photographer:nsubj capture:root thief:obj 
473	The photographer captured the image .	animate-inanimate	T	photographer:nsubj capture:root image:obj 
474	The photographer examined the dog .	animate-animate	AT	photographer:nsubj examine:root dog:obj 
475	The photographer examined the camera .	animate-inanimate	T	photographer:nsubj examine:root camera:obj 
476	The photographer prepared the food .	animate-inanimate	AT	photographer:nsubj prepare:root food:obj 
477	The photographer prepared the camera .	animate-inanimate	T	photographer:nsubj prepare:root camera:obj 
478	The photographer used the stethoscope .	animate-inanimate	AT	photographer:nsubj use:root stethoscope:obj 
479	The photographer used the camera .	animate-inanimate	T	photographer:nsubj use:root camera:obj 
480	The pilot began the performance .	animate-inanimate	AT	pilot:nsubj begin:root performance:obj 
481	The pilot began the race .	animate-inanimate	T	pilot:nsubj begin:root race:obj 
482	The pilot started the concert .	animate-inanimate	AT	pilot:nsubj start:root concert:obj 
483	The pilot started the race .	animate-inanimate	T	pilot:nsubj start:root race:obj 
484	The pilot won the lottery .	animate-inanimate	AT	pilot:nsubj win:root lottery:obj 
485	The pilot won the race .	animate-inanimate	T	pilot:nsubj win:root race:obj 
486	The player began the class .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj begin:root class:obj 
487	The player began the match .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj begin:root match:obj 
488	The player enjoyed the beer .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj enjoy:root beer:obj 
489	The player enjoyed the game .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj enjoy:root game:obj 
490	The player gained the degree .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj gain:root degree:obj 
491	The player gained the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj gain:root ball:obj 
492	The player gathered the grass .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj gather:root grass:obj 
493	The player gathered the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj gather:root ball:obj 
494	The player passed the exam .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj pass:root exam:obj 
495	The player passed the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj pass:root ball:obj 
496	The player reached the moon .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj reach:root moon:obj 
497	The player reached the goal .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj reach:root goal:obj 
498	The player touched the flower .	animate-inanimate	AT	player:nsubj touch:root flower:obj 
499	The player touched the base .	animate-inanimate	T	player:nsubj touch:root base:obj 
500	The poet wrote the menu .	animate-inanimate	AT	poet:nsubj write:root menu:obj 
501	The poet wrote the sonet .	animate-inanimate	T	poet:nsubj write:root sonet:obj 
502	The policeman captured the image .	animate-inanimate	AT	policeman:nsubj capture:root image:obj 
503	The policeman captured the thief .	animate-animate	T	policeman:nsubj capture:root thief:obj 
504	The policeman checked the groceries .	animate-inanimate	AT	policeman:nsubj check:root grocery:obj 
505	The policeman checked the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	policeman:nsubj check:root bag:obj 
506	The policeman examined the patient .	animate-animate	AT	policeman:nsubj examine:root patient:obj 
507	The policeman examined the car .	animate-inanimate	T	policeman:nsubj examine:root car:obj 
508	The policeman fought the obesity .	animate-inanimate	AT	policeman:nsubj fight:root obesity:obj 
509	The policeman fought the crime .	animate-inanimate	T	policeman:nsubj fight:root crime:obj 
510	The policeman hit the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	policeman:nsubj hit:root ball:obj 
511	The policeman hit the demonstrator .	animate-animate	T	policeman:nsubj hit:root demonstrator:obj 
512	The policeman pushed the stroller .	animate-inanimate	AT	policeman:nsubj push:root stroller:obj 
513	The policeman pushed the demonstrator .	animate-animate	T	policeman:nsubj push:root demonstrator:obj 
514	The politician signed the paint .	animate-inanimate	AT	politician:nsubj sign:root paint:obj 
515	The politician signed the agreement .	animate-inanimate	T	politician:nsubj sign:root agreement:obj 
516	The porter carried the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	porter:nsubj carry:root flag:obj 
517	The porter carried the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	porter:nsubj carry:root bag:obj 
518	The porter loaded the file .	animate-inanimate	AT	porter:nsubj load:root file:obj 
519	The porter loaded the luggage .	animate-inanimate	T	porter:nsubj load:root luggage:obj 
520	The porter stacked the wood .	animate-inanimate	AT	porter:nsubj stack:root wood:obj 
521	The porter stacked the suitcase .	animate-inanimate	T	porter:nsubj stack:root suitcase:obj 
522	The postman delivered the punch .	animate-inanimate	AT	postman:nsubj deliver:root punch:obj 
523	The postman delivered the mail .	animate-inanimate	T	postman:nsubj deliver:root mail:obj 
524	The president delivered the kick .	animate-inanimate	AT	president:nsubj deliver:root kick:obj 
525	The president delivered the speech .	animate-inanimate	T	president:nsubj deliver:root speech:obj 
526	The president gave the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	president:nsubj give:root book:obj 
527	The president gave the speech .	animate-inanimate	T	president:nsubj give:root speech:obj 
528	The president promised the bicycle .	animate-inanimate	AT	president:nsubj promise:root bicycle:obj 
529	The president promised the reform .	animate-inanimate	T	president:nsubj promise:root reform:obj 
530	The president visited the grandmother .	animate-animate	AT	president:nsubj visit:root grandmother:obj 
531	The president visited the school .	animate-inanimate	T	president:nsubj visit:root school:obj 
532	The priest celebrated the graduation .	animate-inanimate	AT	priest:nsubj celebrate:root graduation:obj 
533	The priest celebrated the marriage .	animate-inanimate	T	priest:nsubj celebrate:root marriage:obj 
534	The priest promised the promotion .	animate-inanimate	AT	priest:nsubj promise:root promotion:obj 
535	The priest promised the salvation .	animate-inanimate	T	priest:nsubj promise:root salvation:obj 
536	The priest taught the chemistry .	animate-inanimate	AT	priest:nsubj teach:root chemistry:obj 
537	The priest taught the bible .	animate-inanimate	T	priest:nsubj teach:root bible:obj 
538	The producer released the prisoner .	animate-animate	AT	producer:nsubj release:root prisoner:obj 
539	The producer released the film .	animate-inanimate	T	producer:nsubj release:root film:obj 
540	The professor delivered the kick .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj deliver:root kick:obj 
541	The professor delivered the lecture .	animate-inanimate	T	professor:nsubj deliver:root lecture:obj 
542	The professor donated the organ .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj donate:root organ:obj 
543	The professor donated the book .	animate-inanimate	T	professor:nsubj donate:root book:obj 
544	The professor opened the jail .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj open:root jail:obj 
545	The professor opened the congress .	animate-animate	T	professor:nsubj open:root congress:obj 
546	The professor taught the karate .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj teach:root karate:obj 
547	The professor taught the language .	animate-inanimate	T	professor:nsubj teach:root language:obj 
548	The professor wore the goggles .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj wear:root goggle:obj 
549	The professor wore the tie .	animate-inanimate	T	professor:nsubj wear:root tie:obj 
550	The professor wrote the magazine .	animate-inanimate	AT	professor:nsubj write:root magazine:obj 
551	The professor wrote the book .	animate-inanimate	T	professor:nsubj write:root book:obj 
552	The programmer described the monument .	animate-inanimate	AT	programmer:nsubj describe:root monument:obj 
553	The programmer described the software .	animate-inanimate	T	programmer:nsubj describe:root software:obj 
554	The programmer loaded the ammunition .	animate-inanimate	AT	programmer:nsubj load:root ammunition:obj 
555	The programmer loaded the file .	animate-inanimate	T	programmer:nsubj load:root file:obj 
556	The programmer used the shovel .	animate-inanimate	AT	programmer:nsubj use:root shovel:obj 
557	The programmer used the computer .	animate-inanimate	T	programmer:nsubj use:root computer:obj 
558	The pupil drew the turbine .	animate-inanimate	AT	pupil:nsubj draw:root turbine:obj 
559	The pupil drew the flower .	animate-inanimate	T	pupil:nsubj draw:root flower:obj 
560	The pusher sold the chocolate .	animate-inanimate	AT	pusher:nsubj sell:root chocolate:obj 
561	The pusher sold the drug .	animate-inanimate	T	pusher:nsubj sell:root drug:obj 
562	The pyromaniac started the computer .	animate-inanimate	AT	pyromaniac:nsubj start:root computer:obj 
563	The pyromaniac started the fire .	animate-inanimate	T	pyromaniac:nsubj start:root fire:obj 
564	The receiver caught the wave .	animate-inanimate	AT	receiver:nsubj catch:root wave:obj 
565	The receiver caught the baseball .	animate-inanimate	T	receiver:nsubj catch:root baseball:obj 
566	The referee moved the furniture .	animate-inanimate	AT	referee:nsubj move:root furniture:obj 
567	The referee moved the ball .	animate-inanimate	T	referee:nsubj move:root ball:obj 
568	The refugee found the doll .	animate-inanimate	AT	refugee:nsubj find:root doll:obj 
569	The refugee found the shelter .	animate-inanimate	T	refugee:nsubj find:root shelter:obj 
570	The reporter brought the cake .	animate-inanimate	AT	reporter:nsubj bring:root cake:obj 
571	The reporter brought the news .	animate-inanimate	T	reporter:nsubj bring:root news:obj 
572	The reporter held the knife .	animate-inanimate	AT	reporter:nsubj hold:root knife:obj 
573	The reporter held the camera .	animate-inanimate	T	reporter:nsubj hold:root camera:obj 
574	The roofer climbed the rock .	animate-inanimate	AT	roofer:nsubj climb:root rock:obj 
575	The roofer climbed the ladder .	animate-inanimate	T	roofer:nsubj climb:root ladder:obj 
576	The sailor faced the wall .	animate-inanimate	AT	sailor:nsubj face:root wall:obj 
577	The sailor faced the ocean .	animate-inanimate	T	sailor:nsubj face:root ocean:obj 
578	The sailor mopped the classroom .	animate-inanimate	AT	sailor:nsubj mop:root classroom:obj 
579	The sailor mopped the deck .	animate-inanimate	T	sailor:nsubj mop:root deck:obj 
580	The sailor tied the necktie .	animate-inanimate	AT	sailor:nsubj tie:root necktie:obj 
581	The sailor tied the rope .	animate-inanimate	T	sailor:nsubj tie:root rope:obj 
582	The salesperson sent the gun .	animate-inanimate	AT	salesperson:nsubj send:root gun:obj 
583	The salesperson sent the questionnaire .	animate-inanimate	T	salesperson:nsubj send:root questionnaire:obj 
584	The scientist reported the marriage .	animate-inanimate	AT	scientist:nsubj report:root marriage:obj 
585	The scientist reported the finding .	animate-inanimate	T	scientist:nsubj report:root finding:obj 
586	The scoutmaster assembled the sailboat .	animate-inanimate	AT	scoutmaster:nsubj assemble:root sailboat:obj 
587	The scoutmaster assembled the tent .	animate-inanimate	T	scoutmaster:nsubj assemble:root tent:obj 
588	The sculptor carved the meat .	animate-inanimate	AT	sculptor:nsubj carve:root meat:obj 
589	The sculptor carved the stone .	animate-inanimate	T	sculptor:nsubj carve:root stone:obj 
590	The sculptor taught the skydiving .	animate-inanimate	AT	sculptor:nsubj teach:root skydiving:obj 
591	The sculptor taught the art .	animate-inanimate	T	sculptor:nsubj teach:root art:obj 
592	The secretary wrote the sonet .	animate-inanimate	AT	secretary:nsubj write:root sonet:obj 
593	The secretary wrote the note .	animate-inanimate	T	secretary:nsubj write:root note:obj 
594	The sergeant assigned the homework .	animate-inanimate	AT	sergeant:nsubj assign:root homework:obj 
595	The sergeant assigned the mission .	animate-inanimate	T	sergeant:nsubj assign:root mission:obj 
596	The singer began the race .	animate-inanimate	AT	singer:nsubj begin:root race:obj 
597	The singer began the performance .	animate-inanimate	T	singer:nsubj begin:root performance:obj 
598	The singer held the sword .	animate-inanimate	AT	singer:nsubj hold:root sword:obj 
599	The singer held the microphone .	animate-inanimate	T	singer:nsubj hold:root microphone:obj 
600	The singer performed the trick .	animate-inanimate	AT	singer:nsubj perform:root trick:obj 
601	The singer performed the music .	animate-inanimate	T	singer:nsubj perform:root music:obj 
602	The singer recorded the recipe .	animate-inanimate	AT	singer:nsubj record:root recipe:obj 
603	The singer recorded the song .	animate-inanimate	T	singer:nsubj record:root song:obj 
604	The singer started the videogame .	animate-inanimate	AT	singer:nsubj start:root videogame:obj 
605	The singer started the concert .	animate-inanimate	T	singer:nsubj start:root concert:obj 
606	The skater rode the bus .	animate-inanimate	AT	skater:nsubj ride:root bus:obj 
607	The skater rode the skates .	animate-inanimate	T	skater:nsubj ride:root skate:obj 
608	The skier gained the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	skier:nsubj gain:root ball:obj 
609	The skier gained the speed .	animate-inanimate	T	skier:nsubj gain:root speed:obj 
610	The skipper assembled the bicycle .	animate-inanimate	AT	skipper:nsubj assemble:root bicycle:obj 
611	The skipper assembled the sailboat .	animate-inanimate	T	skipper:nsubj assemble:root sailboat:obj 
612	The smuggler sold the flower .	animate-inanimate	AT	smuggler:nsubj sell:root flower:obj 
613	The smuggler sold the weapon .	animate-inanimate	T	smuggler:nsubj sell:root weapon:obj 
614	The snowboarder flipped the bike .	animate-inanimate	AT	snowboarder:nsubj flip:root bike:obj 
615	The snowboarder flipped the board .	animate-inanimate	T	snowboarder:nsubj flip:root board:obj 
616	The soldier carried the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj carry:root ball:obj 
617	The soldier carried the rifle .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj carry:root rifle:obj 
618	The soldier celebrated the graduation .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj celebrate:root graduation:obj 
619	The soldier celebrated the victory .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj celebrate:root victory:obj 
620	The soldier checked the burner .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj check:root burner:obj 
621	The soldier checked the rifle .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj check:root rifle:obj 
622	The soldier crossed the stage .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj cross:root stage:obj 
623	The soldier crossed the river .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj cross:root river:obj 
624	The soldier dug the pool .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj dug:root pool:obj 
625	The soldier dug the trench .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj dug:root trench:obj 
626	The soldier fought the cancer .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj fight:root cancer:obj 
627	The soldier fought the enemy .	animate-animate	T	soldier:nsubj fight:root enemy:obj 
628	The soldier gathered the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj gather:root ball:obj 
629	The soldier gathered the ammunition .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj gather:root ammunition:obj 
630	The soldier gathered the grass .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj gather:root grass:obj 
631	The soldier gathered the flag .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj gather:root flag:obj 
632	The soldier heard the poem .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj hear:root poem:obj 
633	The soldier heard the command .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj hear:root command:obj 
634	The soldier held the comb .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj hold:root comb:obj 
635	The soldier held the flag .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj hold:root flag:obj 
636	The soldier hung the picture .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj hang:root picture:obj 
637	The soldier hung the rifle .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj hang:root rifle:obj 
638	The soldier reached the supermarket .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj reach:root supermarket:obj 
639	The soldier reached the trench .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj reach:root trench:obj 
640	The soldier released the film .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj release:root film:obj 
641	The soldier released the prisoner .	animate-animate	T	soldier:nsubj release:root prisoner:obj 
642	The soldier threw the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj throw:root ball:obj 
643	The soldier threw the bomb .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj throw:root bomb:obj 
644	The soldier threw the snowball .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj throw:root snowball:obj 
645	The soldier threw the bomb .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj throw:root bomb:obj 
646	The soldier used the brush .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj use:root brush:obj 
647	The soldier used the knife .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj use:root knife:obj 
648	The soldier wore the jeans .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj wear:root jeans:obj 
649	The soldier wore the helmet .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj wear:root helmet:obj 
650	The soldier wore the pajamas .	animate-inanimate	AT	soldier:nsubj wear:root pajama:obj 
651	The soldier wore the uniform .	animate-inanimate	T	soldier:nsubj wear:root uniform:obj 
652	The speaker entertained the dog .	animate-animate	AT	speaker:nsubj entertained:root dog:obj 
653	The speaker entertained the audience .	animate-animate	T	speaker:nsubj entertained:root audience:obj 
654	The spectator bought the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	spectator:nsubj buy:root car:obj 
655	The spectator bought the ticket .	animate-inanimate	T	spectator:nsubj buy:root ticket:obj 
656	The spectator enjoyed the breakfast .	animate-inanimate	AT	spectator:nsubj enjoy:root breakfast:obj 
657	The spectator enjoyed the game .	animate-inanimate	T	spectator:nsubj enjoy:root game:obj 
658	The spectator heard the horn .	animate-inanimate	AT	spectator:nsubj hear:root horn:obj 
659	The spectator heard the speech .	animate-inanimate	T	spectator:nsubj hear:root speech:obj 
660	The spectator watched the bird .	animate-animate	AT	spectator:nsubj watch:root bird:obj 
661	The spectator watched the game .	animate-inanimate	T	spectator:nsubj watch:root game:obj 
662	The speleologist examined the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	speleologist:nsubj examine:root book:obj 
663	The speleologist examined the cave .	animate-inanimate	T	speleologist:nsubj examine:root cave:obj 
664	The spy passed the frisbee .	animate-inanimate	AT	spy:nsubj pass:root frisbee:obj 
665	The spy passed the information .	animate-inanimate	T	spy:nsubj pass:root information:obj 
666	The student began the match .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj begin:root match:obj 
667	The student began the trip .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj begin:root trip:obj 
668	The student celebrated the marriage .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj celebrate:root marriage:obj 
669	The student celebrated the graduation .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj celebrate:root graduation:obj 
670	The student completed the marathon .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj complete:root marathon:obj 
671	The student completed the project .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj complete:root project:obj 
672	The student drank the gasoline .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj drank:root gasoline:obj 
673	The student drank the beer .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj drank:root beer:obj 
674	The student drank the milk .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj drank:root milk:obj 
675	The student drank the coffee .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj drank:root coffee:obj 
676	The student enjoyed the marriage .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj enjoy:root marriage:obj 
677	The student enjoyed the beer .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj enjoy:root beer:obj 
678	The student heard the command .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj hear:root command:obj 
679	The student heard the lecture .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj hear:root lecture:obj 
680	The student passed the river .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj pass:root river:obj 
681	The student passed the exam .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj pass:root exam:obj 
682	The student read the hand .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj read:root hand:obj 
683	The student read the book .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj read:root book:obj 
684	The student sent the bomb .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj send:root bomb:obj 
685	The student sent the email .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj send:root email:obj 
686	The student threw the garbage .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj throw:root garbage:obj 
687	The student threw the frisbee .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj throw:root frisbee:obj 
688	The student used the saw .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj use:root saw:obj 
689	The student used the computer .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj use:root computer:obj 
690	The student wore the armor .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj wear:root armor:obj 
691	The student wore the glasses .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj wear:root glass:obj 
692	The student wore the harness .	animate-inanimate	AT	student:nsubj wear:root harness:obj 
693	The student wore the glasses .	animate-inanimate	T	student:nsubj wear:root glass:obj 
694	The surfer caught the baseball .	animate-inanimate	AT	surfer:nsubj catch:root baseball:obj 
695	The surfer caught the wave .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj catch:root wave:obj 
696	The surfer flipped the pancake .	animate-inanimate	AT	surfer:nsubj flip:root pancake:obj 
697	The surfer flipped the board .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj flip:root board:obj 
698	The surfer grabbed the frisbee .	animate-inanimate	AT	surfer:nsubj grab:root frisbee:obj 
699	The surfer grabbed the board .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj grab:root board:obj 
700	The surfer rode the camel .	animate-animate	AT	surfer:nsubj ride:root camel:obj 
701	The surfer rode the wave .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj ride:root wave:obj 
702	The surfer wore the tie .	animate-inanimate	AT	surfer:nsubj wear:root tie:obj 
703	The surfer wore the sunglasses .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj wear:root sunglass:obj 
704	The surfer wore the tuxedo .	animate-inanimate	AT	surfer:nsubj wear:root tuxedo:obj 
705	The surfer wore the swimsuit .	animate-inanimate	T	surfer:nsubj wear:root swimsuit:obj 
706	The surgeon examined the car .	animate-inanimate	AT	surgeon:nsubj examine:root car:obj 
707	The surgeon examined the patient .	animate-animate	T	surgeon:nsubj examine:root patient:obj 
708	The surgeon performed the dance .	animate-inanimate	AT	surgeon:nsubj perform:root dance:obj 
709	The surgeon performed the surgery .	animate-inanimate	T	surgeon:nsubj perform:root surgery:obj 
710	The surgeon used the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	surgeon:nsubj use:root rifle:obj 
711	The surgeon used the lancet .	animate-inanimate	T	surgeon:nsubj use:root lancet:obj 
712	The sweeper cleaned the window .	animate-inanimate	AT	sweeper:nsubj clean:root window:obj 
713	The sweeper cleaned the street .	animate-inanimate	T	sweeper:nsubj clean:root street:obj 
714	The swimmer wore the cloak .	animate-inanimate	AT	swimmer:nsubj wear:root cloak:obj 
715	The swimmer wore the goggles .	animate-inanimate	T	swimmer:nsubj wear:root goggle:obj 
716	The tailor sewed the wound .	animate-inanimate	AT	tailor:nsubj sew:root wound:obj 
717	The tailor sewed the dress .	animate-inanimate	T	tailor:nsubj sew:root dress:obj 
718	The teacher explained the tactic .	animate-inanimate	AT	teacher:nsubj explain:root tactic:obj 
719	The teacher explained the exercise .	animate-inanimate	T	teacher:nsubj explain:root exercise:obj 
720	The teacher gave the drug .	animate-inanimate	AT	teacher:nsubj give:root drug:obj 
721	The teacher gave the homework .	animate-inanimate	T	teacher:nsubj give:root homework:obj 
722	The teacher helped the patient .	animate-animate	AT	teacher:nsubj help:root patient:obj 
723	The teacher helped the child .	animate-animate	T	teacher:nsubj help:root child:obj 
724	The teacher lent the gun .	animate-inanimate	AT	teacher:nsubj len:root gun:obj 
725	The teacher lent the book .	animate-inanimate	T	teacher:nsubj len:root book:obj 
726	The teacher used the knife .	animate-inanimate	AT	teacher:nsubj use:root knife:obj 
727	The teacher used the blackboard .	animate-inanimate	T	teacher:nsubj use:root blackboard:obj 
728	The teenager heard the lecture .	animate-inanimate	AT	teenager:nsubj hear:root lecture:obj 
729	The teenager heard the music .	animate-inanimate	T	teenager:nsubj hear:root music:obj 
730	The terrorist released the book .	animate-inanimate	AT	terrorist:nsubj release:root book:obj 
731	The terrorist released the hostage .	animate-animate	T	terrorist:nsubj release:root hostage:obj 
732	The thief grabbed the banana .	animate-inanimate	AT	thief:nsubj grab:root banana:obj 
733	The thief grabbed the money .	animate-inanimate	T	thief:nsubj grab:root money:obj 
734	The tourist read the bible .	animate-inanimate	AT	tourist:nsubj read:root bible:obj 
735	The tourist read the map .	animate-inanimate	T	tourist:nsubj read:root map:obj 
736	The tourist rode the skates .	animate-inanimate	AT	tourist:nsubj ride:root skate:obj 
737	The tourist rode the camel .	animate-animate	T	tourist:nsubj ride:root camel:obj 
738	The tourist visited the patient .	animate-animate	AT	tourist:nsubj visit:root patient:obj 
739	The tourist visited the museum .	animate-inanimate	T	tourist:nsubj visit:root museum:obj 
740	The traveller checked the groceries .	animate-inanimate	AT	traveller:nsubj check:root grocery:obj 
741	The traveller checked the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	traveller:nsubj check:root bag:obj 
742	The traveller checked the team .	animate-inanimate	AT	traveller:nsubj check:root team:obj 
743	The traveller checked the watch .	animate-inanimate	T	traveller:nsubj check:root watch:obj 
744	The traveller handed the screwdriver .	animate-inanimate	AT	traveller:nsubj hand:root screwdriver:obj 
745	The traveller handed the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	traveller:nsubj hand:root bag:obj 
746	The truck hit the bag .	animate-inanimate	AT	truck:nsubj hit:root bag:obj 
747	The truck hit the car .	animate-inanimate	T	truck:nsubj hit:root car:obj 
748	The truck plowed the garden .	animate-inanimate	AT	truck:nsubj plow:root garden:obj 
749	The truck plowed the snow .	animate-inanimate	T	truck:nsubj plow:root snow:obj 
750	The undertaker dug the trench .	animate-inanimate	AT	undertaker:nsubj dug:root trench:obj 
751	The undertaker dug the grave .	animate-inanimate	T	undertaker:nsubj dug:root grave:obj 
752	The usurer lent the toy .	animate-inanimate	AT	usurer:nsubj len:root toy:obj 
753	The usurer lent the money .	animate-inanimate	T	usurer:nsubj len:root money:obj 
754	The vandal sprayed the perfume .	animate-inanimate	AT	vandal:nsubj spray:root perfume:obj 
755	The vandal sprayed the paint .	animate-inanimate	T	vandal:nsubj spray:root paint:obj 
756	The veterinarian examined the plant .	animate-inanimate	AT	veterinarian:nsubj examine:root plant:obj 
757	The veterinarian examined the dog .	animate-animate	T	veterinarian:nsubj examine:root dog:obj 
758	The violinist played the trumpet .	animate-inanimate	AT	violinist:nsubj play:root trumpet:obj 
759	The violinist played the violin .	animate-inanimate	T	violinist:nsubj play:root violin:obj 
760	The violinist wore the helmet .	animate-inanimate	AT	violinist:nsubj wear:root helmet:obj 
761	The violinist wore the tuxedo .	animate-inanimate	T	violinist:nsubj wear:root tuxedo:obj 
762	The volunteer brought the hatchet .	animate-inanimate	AT	volunteer:nsubj bring:root hatchet:obj 
763	The volunteer brought the food .	animate-inanimate	T	volunteer:nsubj bring:root food:obj 
764	The waiter brought the guitar .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj bring:root guitar:obj 
765	The waiter brought the glass .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj bring:root glass:obj 
766	The waiter carried the rifle .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj carry:root rifle:obj 
767	The waiter carried the tray .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj carry:root tray:obj 
768	The waiter cleared the road .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj clear:root road:obj 
769	The waiter cleared the bar .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj clear:root bar:obj 
770	The waiter cleared the tube .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj clear:root tube:obj 
771	The waiter cleared the table .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj clear:root table:obj 
772	The waiter cut the hair .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj cut:root hair:obj 
773	The waiter cut the cake .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj cut:root cake:obj 
774	The waiter delivered the speech .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj deliver:root speech:obj 
775	The waiter delivered the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj deliver:root drink:obj 
776	The waiter fetched the ball .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj fetch:root ball:obj 
777	The waiter fetched the water .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj fetch:root water:obj 
778	The waiter held the flag .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj hold:root flag:obj 
779	The waiter held the bottle .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj hold:root bottle:obj 
780	The waiter mixed the cement .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj mix:root cement:obj 
781	The waiter mixed the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj mix:root drink:obj 
782	The waiter opened the sarcophagus .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj open:root sarcophagus:obj 
783	The waiter opened the bottle .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj open:root bottle:obj 
784	The waiter poured the gasoline .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj pour:root gasoline:obj 
785	The waiter poured the wine .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj pour:root wine:obj 
786	The waiter prepared the bomb .	animate-inanimate	AT	waiter:nsubj prepare:root bomb:obj 
787	The waiter prepared the drink .	animate-inanimate	T	waiter:nsubj prepare:root drink:obj 
788	The witness explained the equation .	animate-inanimate	AT	witness:nsubj explain:root equation:obj 
789	The witness explained the circumstances .	animate-inanimate	T	witness:nsubj explain:root circumstance:obj 
790	The witness reported the birth .	animate-inanimate	AT	witness:nsubj report:root birth:obj 
791	The witness reported the crime .	animate-inanimate	T	witness:nsubj report:root crime:obj 
792	The woman carried the stone .	animate-inanimate	AT	woman:nsubj carry:root stone:obj 
793	The woman carried the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	woman:nsubj carry:root bag:obj 
794	The woman opened the manhole .	animate-inanimate	AT	woman:nsubj open:root manhole:obj 
795	The woman opened the bag .	animate-inanimate	T	woman:nsubj open:root bag:obj 
796	The woman painted the sign .	animate-inanimate	AT	woman:nsubj paint:root sign:obj 
797	The woman painted the toenail .	animate-inanimate	T	woman:nsubj paint:root toenail:obj 
