0	The cop is arresting the criminal .	Plausible	cop:nsubj arrest:root criminal:obj 
1	The criminal is arresting the cop .	Implausible	criminal:nsubj arrest:root cop:obj 
2	The babysitter is scolding the child .	Plausible	babysitter:nsubj scold:root child:obj 
3	The child is scolding the babysitter .	Implausible	child:nsubj scold:root babysitter:obj 
4	The doctor is using a stethoscope on the patient .	Plausible	doctor:nsubj use:root stethoscope:obj patient:obl 
5	The patient is using a stethoscope on the doctor .	Implausible	patient:nsubj use:root stethoscope:obj doctor:obl 
6	The fireman is rescuing the grandmother .	Plausible	fireman:nsubj rescue:root grandmother:obj 
7	The grandmother is rescuing the fireman .	Implausible	grandmother:nsubj rescue:root fireman:obj 
8	The dentist is treating the patient .	Plausible	dentist:nsubj treat:root patient:obj 
9	The patient is treating the dentist .	Implausible	patient:nsubj treat:root dentist:obj 
10	The ghost is frightening the girl .	Plausible	ghost:nsubj frighten:root girl:obj 
11	The girl is frightening the ghost .	Implausible	girl:nsubj frighten:root ghost:obj 
12	The mother is feeding the baby .	Plausible	mother:nsubj feed:root baby:obj 
13	The baby is feeding the mother .	Implausible	baby:nsubj feed:root mother:obj 
14	The artist is painting the businessman .	Plausible	artist:nsubj paint:root businessman:obj 
15	The businessman is painting the artist .	Implausible	businessman:nsubj paint:root artist:obj 
16	The groom is carrying the bride .	Plausible	groom:nsubj carry:root bride:obj 
17	The bride is carrying the groom .	Implausible	bride:nsubj carry:root groom:obj 
18	The jester is entertaining the king .	Plausible	jester:nsubj entertain:root king:obj 
19	The king is entertaining the jester .	Implausible	king:nsubj entertain:root jester:obj 
20	The lion is pouncing on the Safari guide .	Plausible	lion:nsubj pounce:root guide:obl 
21	The Safari guide is pouncing on the lion .	Implausible	guide:nsubj pounce:root lion:obl 
22	The photographer is taking a picture of the model .	Plausible	photographer:nsubj take:root picture:obj 
23	The model is taking a picture of the photographer .	Implausible	model:nsubj take:root picture:obj 
24	The pirate is kidnapping the princess .	Plausible	pirate:nsubj kidnap:root princess:obj 
25	The princess is kidnapping the pirate .	Implausible	princess:nsubj kidnap:root pirate:obj 
26	The priest is blessing the bride .	Plausible	priest:nsubj bless:root bride:obj 
27	The bride is blessing the priest .	Implausible	bride:nsubj bless:root priest:obj 
28	The shark is biting the snorkeler .	Plausible	shark:nsubj bite:root snorkeler:obj 
29	The snorkeler is biting the shark .	Implausible	snorkeler:nsubj bite:root shark:obj 
30	The professor is lecturing to the student .	Plausible	professor:nsubj lecture:root student:obl 
31	The student is lecturing to the professor .	Implausible	student:nsubj lecture:root professor:obl 
32	The vampire is biting the woman .	Plausible	vampire:nsubj bite:root woman:obj 
33	The woman is biting the vampire .	Implausible	woman:nsubj bite:root vampire:obj 
34	The waiter is serving the customer .	Plausible	waiter:nsubj serve:root customer:obj 
35	The customer is serving the waiter .	Implausible	customer:nsubj serve:root waiter:obj 
36	The lawyer is giving money to the beggar .	Plausible	lawyer:nsubj give:root money:obj beggar:obl 
37	The beggar is giving money to the lawyer .	Implausible	beggar:nsubj give:root money:obj lawyer:obl 
38	The chef is cooking for the lady .	Plausible	chef:nsubj cook:root lady:obl 
39	The lady is cooking for the chef .	Implausible	lady:nsubj cook:root chef:obl 
40	The ballerina is dancing for the grandpa .	Plausible	ballerina:nsubj dance:root grandpa:obl 
41	The grandpa is dancing for the ballerina .	Implausible	grandpa:nsubj dance:root ballerina:obl 
42	The journalist is interviewing the sportsstar .	Plausible	journalist:nsubj interview:root sportsstar:obj 
43	The sportsstar is interviewing the journalist .	Implausible	sportsstar:nsubj interview:root journalist:obj 
44	The judge is sentencing the criminal .	Plausible	judge:nsubj sentence:root criminal:obj 
45	The criminal is sentencing the judge .	Implausible	criminal:nsubj sentence:root judge:obj 
46	The father is pulling the child on the sled .	Plausible	father:nsubj pull:root child:obj sled:obl 
47	The child is pulling the father on the sled .	Implausible	child:nsubj pull:root father:obj sled:obl 
48	Santa is giving the girl a present .	Plausible	santa:nsubj give:root present:obj 
49	The girl is giving Santa a present .	Implausible	girl:nsubj give:root present:obj 
50	The peasant is bowing to the queen .	Plausible	peasant:nsubj bow:root queen:obl 
51	The queen is bowing to the peasant .	Implausible	queen:nsubj bow:root peasant:obl 
52	The lady is applauding the athlete .	Plausible	lady:nsubj applaud:root athlete:obj 
53	The athlete is applauding the lad .	Implausible	athlete:nsubj applaud:root lad:obj 
54	The father is tying the son's shoes .	Plausible	father:nsubj ty:root shoe:obj 
55	The son is tying the father's shoes .	Implausible	son:nsubj ty:root shoe:obj 
56	The thief is stealing the purse from the grandma .	Plausible	thief:nsubj steal:root purse:obj grandma:obl 
57	The grandma is stealing the purse from the thief .	Implausible	grandma:nsubj steal:root purse:obj thief:obl 
58	The cat is chasing the mouse .	Plausible	cat:nsubj chase:root mouse:obj 
59	The mouse is chasing the cat .	Implausible	mouse:nsubj chase:root cat:obj 
60	The visitor is pushing the patient .	Plausible	visitor:nsubj push:root patient:obj 
61	The patient is pushing the visitor .	Implausible	patient:nsubj push:root visitor:obj 
62	The relative is bringing flowers to the patient .	Plausible	relative:nsubj bring:root flower:obj patient:obl 
63	The patient is bringing flowers to the relative .	Implausible	patient:nsubj bring:root flower:obj relative:obl 
64	The boss is yelling at the worker .	Plausible	boss:nsubj yell:root worker:obl 
65	The worker is yelling at the boss .	Implausible	worker:nsubj yell:root boss:obl 
66	The dog is leading the blind person .	Plausible	dog:nsubj lead:root person:obj 
67	The blind person is leading the dog .	Implausible	person:nsubj lead:root dog:obj 
68	The bouncer is preventing the woman from entering .	Plausible	bouncer:nsubj prevent:root woman:obj 
69	The woman is preventing the bouncer from entering .	Implausible	woman:nsubj prevent:root bouncer:obj 
70	The dog is licking the girl on the face .	Plausible	dog:nsubj lick:root girl:obj face:obl 
71	The girl is licking the dog on the face .	Implausible	girl:nsubj lick:root dog:obj face:obl 
72	The man is proposing to the woman .	Plausible	man:nsubj propose:root woman:obl 
73	The woman is proposing to the man .	Implausible	woman:nsubj propose:root man:obl 
74	The tailor is measuring the princess .	Plausible	tailor:nsubj measure:root princess:obj 
75	The princess is measuring the tailor .	Implausible	princess:nsubj measure:root tailor:obj 
76	The lifeguard is saving the grandmother .	Plausible	lifeguard:nsubj save:root grandmother:obj 
77	The grandmother is saving the lifeguard .	Implausible	grandmother:nsubj save:root lifeguard:obj 
78	The chauffeur is opening the door for the lady .	Plausible	chauffeur:nsubj open:root door:obj lady:obl 
79	The lady is opening the door for the chauffeur .	Implausible	lady:nsubj open:root door:obj chauffeur:obl 
